I 'm really fed up with our school forne ! 
Off course , if we had such pretty forne like yours , we would wear it with pleasure . 
Another point which I think was ennoying , are the concert halls . 
Your Sinccerly 
My family allows me almost every thing except smoking and drinking alchol of course , which I do n't do anyway . 
I am allowed to do what I want as long as I studie enough to aprove . 
I pressume if the term becomes longer the festival become more excellent . 
There is only one bad fhing , that this festival was too short . 
I 'm not looking foward to 
On Sathurday and Sunday we do n't have lessons , but it does n't seem that we do n't have work . 
I do n't have troubbles with my education , my friends and teachers are nice and friendly , but there is one thing I 'd like to change in my school . 
It would be wonderful to buy some books or programms with signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival . 
I hope this letter will help you in organying 
I would offer you one suggestion that concers the classical concerts . 
I think this festival is a great idea because it 's a possibility to see and to love the art , but , I think also there are some things thas could be changed . 
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries insted that from around the world . 
First of all , as I see it the idea of an Arts Festival is great because in this way many people can know artists who cames from different countries . 
They are the main characters of that book , and what caracterize them is the violence of their passions . 
The proposal of reasonably-piced package including tickets and accomodations , well supported my personal organization : comfortable rooms easy to reach and booked tickets can help you if you decide at last minute . 
- emprove your kindness and ask for works in restaurants or pubs , is a good training period for real life too -LRB- be patient with demanding people is always required -RRB- 
- test your health and ask for an outdoor activity -LRB- seting as sandwich-man can also hep to test your pride -RRB- 
This festival was well-orginised . 
I relly liked exhibitions . 
I had a chance to see amazing pictures with wezy painted by Russian painters . 
The Band `` Three Kings '' apresented new stily of music . 
Then , I want to say , that plays and films were exellent , but it was n't enough of them for me . 
In our Acadamy we are not allowed to smoke . 
Some examples could be delivering pizzas or newspapers , working as a bartender throug the nights , cleaning services , etc. . 
I think there are some possibilities for earning money . 
I am writing to response to the international Arsts Festival , which took place on 21-22 November . 
It was an excellent idea to make one reasonaly-priced weekend ticket for all events . 
It was pitty that too small halls were used for classical concerts . 
The performances were great , but some halls were too small to accomodate so many people there were that day . 
At that time I was lucky and also , I would like to recommand other friends . 
But people would like to change life style in their house because there have n't been convenient appliaces in their house yet . 
I am writing to you to thank for so good organisation of International Arts Festival , where I 'd spent two exellent days recently . 
I would like to inform you whed the idea was great and I hope that so needful for people events would become a good tradition in our country . 
But I hope that next year visitores of festival would be able to introduce with more art groups from all over the world . 
It is so because you are young and need to make your life as intrestng as it can be now . 
Other students work as house or office managers , make promontion of different goods or even as a bouncer . 
Naturally , it 's easier to get a job then you were good in foreign languagers or computers . 
Dear Jane Clark , 
2 Desember 2000 
I am writing to suggest a few things that could be changed or added in next year 's International Arts Festival , wich in my opinion has been a great idea to create . 
Although I have read that Starts and Artists came frome around the world , I have realised that they only came from only six countries . 
The rest of the activities were very interesting for us , we learnt a lot of things and we met a lot of interesting people , and all of this without being expensive , I think that ticket was exellent for us because of its price . 
2 Desember 2000 
I really hate it , because we 're not allowed to wear casual and fashonable clothes , colourful shoes and colourful socks . 
With regard to your International Arts Festival advertisment , I would like to share with you the pleasure I had to be part of the event and some suggestions for next year 's festival that you might take in consideration . 
In your advertisment you mentionned that there is artists and stars from all around the world coming , unfortunately I found out only six countries were represented . 
I prefere them to others . 
Most of studenst wear jeans and sweaters . 
We sometimes help in the house but it is n't neccessary . 
We mus n't talk to them but only listen to them . 
I am writeing to you to `` help '' you with your festival next year , last year was n't very good so maybe we can make it more atracite this year ? 
the first I think we shoul rent biger hall for that so we could make better sound and give more space for viewers ! 
It 's believed that English schools look different and have different rules then Polish schools but may be we might find sth incomon ?! 
Nevertheless , I lost my concerntration to the study and I spent the money to entertainment . 
So , I write some of my opionions and suggestions to you . 
Next year , you should calulate or examine how many people come before you choose a hall , which I feel very good was plays and films . 
And the offer of `` weedend ticket '' was an excellent idea . 
Our teachers are very strick , we have to stand up as they come into class and wait until they say ôDo sit down ! 
Therefor I would n't change anything in my home life and neither in my school life . 
Finally , regards to tickets , it is very wonderful idea because it is more combinient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people . 
One day , when the old man went into the bambo bush , he found one bambo gritted white . 
He had never seen such bambo before but decided to cut it down . 
I 'd like to say something that I felt during the festival , and give my opinions that would be helpul for you to prepare for the next festival to you . 
First of all , I appreicate you for organizing such an exciting festival . 
People belive that the bird was sent by heaven . 
I have always been interesed arts and festivals . 
At home is completely different , my mum is quite organised , so she always puts new rules . 
When I groue up I 'll change all rules in my life and I 'll make my own rules which are not going to be too strict . 
However , I can go out wheneve I want , even in the mid-night . 
Secoundly , boys are not allowed to have long hire . 
I want to at least put lip coluor on . 
Also some concerts holls were too small for this much people . 
Another paht is the tickets . 
The school is like a dungeen here . 
Another disadvatage of the festival 's programme was lack of plays and films which are the best to display the modern county 's culture . 
In conclusuon , I would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be done . 
In Italy there are n't a lot of rules at school and they are n't very stricht . 
Nobody has to be late in the morning because it is important to respect class mades and teachers ' effort of getting up early . 
I ca n't have my mobile on and drinking and eating in the classroom is a bad beheviour . 
For example , we ca n't go to the toliet during the lessons , we should go there in the brake . 
It 's too strickt , I do n't like it . 
I congradulate you because it 's perfect . 
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts Fesival I attended last weekend . 
Firstly I would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an International Arts Festival is fantastic , but in your advertisement it was said that I would find stars and artists from arround the world , when , in fact , they were from only six countries . 
Secondly I belive you should know that a lot of people , including me , were not able to enjoy concerts because some concert halls were too small . 
Despite all this I would like to complain about some detailes . 
I 'm pursuading my mum , perhaps . 
Finally , the life in France are crasy , this is the tradition . 
I am writing in response to your advertisment in Today 's newspaper . 
Unfortuneatly , Daniela fainted . 
I 'm writing to you to give my opinion of that great festival you organiced the last 21 and 22 of November . 
The festival was very well organiced with a lot of alternatives like concerts and dance shows . 
On my point of view the hall of the rock concets was too small , you 've to consider make a big one for the next year because these kind of events are concurred by a lot of young people . 
In my house rules practically do n't exist because I have 18 years old now so my parents only wish is that I study a carrear and be a good man . 
At school is complete different because the teachers do n't foregive you nothing . 
Maybe the eason for that is very simple : lack of money ? 
It may sound funny , but mud , gravel and snow lying on the school 's floors is not a nice sight , so we change our schoes without questioning that rule . 
I made people enjoyed their weekend , relaxed themselves , also it brought the foreign culture to them , enlarged their kownlegth . 
In addition to it , one weekend ticket for all events was only £ 10 , this was excellent , it made people only spend pocket-money , and then they could watch all the events at the weeked , for them it is really economical to spent their weekend . 
Moreover , the stars and artists were only from six countries , In my opinion , if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries , it will make the festival more exciting , more intesting , and from my point of view , some concert halls were too small , the people in there could n't even go to the loo ! 
Of course , you ca n't afford a luxualy car and a large apartment unless you 've born with a silver spoon . 
It 's also really popular job among university students because of the good salaly . 
Finally , I would like to make one big suggestion : you should find a place for a camping so that people who come from a long way do n't have to spend money on accomodation . 
Firstly I want to congratualate you for the festival . 
I have a suprise for you . 
I must be in home untill 11 pm . 
I believe that it was a great idea to organise such a festivel , connected with art and culture . 
What is more there was a wide vareiety of music Although the artists were supposed to be from all counties , there were only six nationalities . 
However I was really suprised that the entrence fee was so low . 
I hope that it 'll claryfy your questions and doubts . 
It was really a reasonably-priced weekend for me , but you should also recognise new activities like competitions on singing songs , drawing a portrate next year . 
Howe are things going over there ? 
Bu the way , are you allowed to smoke in the school ? 
Firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six contries ? 
In my opinion , it might be better to have time with variety nationallites . 
I saw the advertisement for the International Arts Festival wich is a great idea . 
Firstly , it was written on the advertisment that there would be stars and artist from around the world I believe that it 's difficult to arrange meetings with foreign stars but there were artist from only six countries and in my opinion there 
For example , there were some conert halls which was too small to hold so much people , the stars and artists were just from six countries , which is not enough for audience . 
This remind me of what I experienced during my teeenage . 
I would like to make some appoitments about the event that I had been . 
- Art exbitions to know more things about artist 's lifestyle ; and 
Well , about rules in my contry , is not different than another countries . 
The rules must be respect for all people if you do n't want get out from scholl . 
The festival was excenent in many ways , and especially it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea . 
Although I am keen on classical music , I found some concerts halled too small . 
To begin with the wchool rules we have in fact some important ones . 
Our school is really very diciplined , especially about our clothes and behaviours . 
I am writing with reference to the international arts festival that you organise every year . 
On the other hand , I must tell you that some concert halls are too small , so you ca n't be enough confortable to apreciate the event . 
In exams , you ca n't talk to the teacher , either you must n't eat chuingham or take a walkman with you . 
First of all , I was looking forward to see one of my favourite actors , Danny Brook , and it was very disappointing for me to see a diferent actor instead of him in spite of his name was writen in the advertisement . 
Secondly , despite of your advertisement of the possibility of discounts , when I showed my student identity card to one of your employes she angrily told me that I had to pay the whole prize . 
In my opinion you ought to be more serious because of the commitent you have with the people who comes to your theatre . 
First of all , we went to the theather to pick up our tickets . 
We sat out sits and waited for the show but it did n't come out on time , it started at 20.15 which was redicoulus time . 
Some of them necessiraly some of them not . 
Just wersting time on it . 
It developes day by day . 
But the situation was n't simple , so Hill decided to discuss it with Mary , the teacher 's cousine . 
There 's no doubt that modern tecnology has changed our lives , but how ? 
I think that some of the changes had been very good , like the impruvement to the medical science , that now can saved millions of persons that one hundred years ago were doomed to die or to live miserable lives . 
It has changed the ways in how people comunicate . 
But tecnology had not only changed our lives in a good way , giving us thing that can make our lives more confortable , it had also thing that arent bad , but if they are in the hands of the wrong people they can destroy the world . 
It was clear that Pat had to change and show to his friend that they can believe in him thrutly . 
To beginning , every morning Pat says a pleasant `` hello '' in adding to that a big smail . 
His mother always says : `` If you are smailing and are nice with the people , the poeple would be nice and would smail to you '' . 
Modern technology attracts my atention , and this is the reason why I have chosen an electronic caree . 
The advertisement shew two actors but I was surprised to see as the main caracter a different person . 
As well as this , to my horror , the performance did n't start at 19.30 but forthy five minutes later . 
I am very disappointed because the things that were writen on the advertisment were not really true . 
When we saw your advertisment for the musical show , over the rainbow , we immediatly decided that this must be a perfect evening out . 
I really like Pat , she 's funny , has a good sence of humor and like me she loves to discuss everything . 
So therefore , my choise to ask her about my decision was the best I could do . 
The show should start at 19.30 , however , the audience have been waiting for fourty five minutes . 
The theatre restaurant was closed that evening and I had not recieved the explanations why . 
Based on everything listed above , I would like to recieve £ 10 , which I have paid , back . 
How has morden technology changed my life . 
Computer is extrrmely convenient in writing reports and essays . 
- When the musical finished I was terrible hungry so I decided to have something to eat but the restaurant was closed and the advertisiment said that it would be open . 
The modern technology has changed my life in many difents ways : But this `` modern technology '' has advantages and disadvantages . 
To begin with , the actor you publised was going to perform , did n't . 
I 'M WRITING TO YOU TO EXPLAIN MY DESAGREABLE EXPERIENCE IN YOUR THEATRE THE LAST SATURDAY , IN YOUR SHOW `` OVER THE RAINBOW '' . 
Definately the worse . 
`` Um very unpleased that I have to write you this letter . 
Pat was my big brother , who had heaed of some people paying , `` safty-money '' , but never know the reason , until he found a big amout of money in my room . 
I am writing this letter to mention all the disappointing events in the Circle Theatre `` Over The Rainbow '' . 
Therefore , if avaliable , can you play my money back please ? 
All of them were schoked by what they heard . 
Sir , Madame 
After the show I need to drink something in the theatre restaurant like the advertisement it concieved , but it was closed . 
When Pat came new into a class or a groupe of teenagers there were no problems . 
Dear Mr/Mss 
Second , the show started at 20:15 , althoug I read that it started at 19:30 ! 
How has modern techology changed my daily life . 
When Thomas Adison invented an electric light , it was the greatest invention for people of that centure . 
I mean , almost everyone has now a car , a computer , a mobil phone and even an airplane . 
Coocking became faster with the help of the microwave . 
The problem is that most part of the advertistment had mistakes . 
I am writting this letter because I am very dissapointed with your musical show . 
When we arrived , the were a lot of people , the pace was beatiful , all seemed perfect . 
How has moden technology changed my daily life ? 
Nowadays , technology is everywhere , all over your house , your school , ofice or any place you can be in a city . 
Modern technology changed not only my daily life but also the life of many people . 
At the evenings before I got to bed I sit in the living room and watch TV through the sattelite . 
I read your advertissement five days before , and I was realy impressed by it . 
For all these reasons , and if you want to keep me a costumer , I would be gratfull if you give me some or all my money back . 
My marks was n't good enought to obtain my degree in Computer Science , and the exam session was finished . 
I never talked about this project to anyone , exept my best friend Pat . 
What is more , there are many new ways to produce medicines and modern hospital equipement . 
Everything was changing : style , colour qual . 
We saw almost all kinds of skirts , trousers , coats , skirts and even hats - which untill nowadays are the main point of many fashion creatures . 
Grey and black - like weather seasons , like people charakters , like all night and dark sourranding us . 
But it has advantatges as disadvantatges . 
In the exam day everybody anwered correctly to each question . 
Firstly , the actor suppossed to be Danny Brook , but he was not , it was another actor , who I have never seen before , so , as you can imagen , I was very disappointed . 
Maria talked to Pat about the stupid thing that she did , but Pat refused to apologaising to her , because she felt it was n't a mistake and she did it for only one reason : help Maria to get the man that she loved . 
Also I had a student identification card to discount the ticket price but it was unavilable to discount . 
Think about the conputer , the speed of conputer is much faster than before . 
IN ADITION TO THIS , I DID NOT HAVE ANY DISCOUNT IN MY TICKET . 
HOW HAS TECHNOLOGY CHANGED OUR DAYLY LIFES 
In times of our grandparents life was so different , that we can not beleive that this huge change to our day life happened in only one hundred years or less . 
Furthermore , as we all know , day life now a days is quite simplier and an example of this is that instead of buying a peice of ice to cool drinks -LRB- as our grandparents used to do -RRB- we not only have a refrigerator but also a freezer in case you want it faster and cooler . 
Strange as it seems , we now can have every machine or especialized technology to make our dayly life more confortable and less workable . 
Appart from that , the show was delayed forty five minutes , consequently , everybody there lost control and became angry . 
Finally I would like to inform you that I had never spent such an umpleasant evening in my whole life . 
People wo n't be embarassed to show the beauty of their bodies . 
Brian learm what was happened and at first he was angry with Pat but then he thanked him . 
THIRDLY , I WAS VERY EMBARASED TO DISCOVER THERE WERE NOT DISCOUNTS AT THE ENTRANCE . 
Last week during my holiday in London , I found your advertisment in my newspaper . 
Your state in your advertisment that he would come on stage , but instead of him someone else turned up . 
Secendly , the show started at 20.15 . 
This was the reason whe we were horrible troubles with police . 
Let 's back to the beginig of this story . 
There was a secret place when robber keept stolen gold from bank . 
We found the solution of this deceperous situation - to say nothing to anybody . 
Thirdly , someone on stage was very strenge for me , because I expected to see `` Danny Brook '' , but I did n't . 
Althoug the modern technology gives you many comfortable things for living , can it gives you natural , peace and fresh air ? 
According to the advertisement , which appeared in one of the London 's newspapers , I would like to present you some of my complaines about your musical spectacle . 
Neither beautiful surranding near your theatre nor comfortable sits will not recompansate my horrible evening . 
However , technology has a bad influence on us , generally on our healf . 
Syntethic materials have grown up and become very popular so it would keep going on . 
I guess they will wear a sort of tunique upon a shirt and a skirt , or more male clothes because they want to change . 
Techology is also important in one subject for me . 
I was trully dissapointed by it . 
Secondly , I had to wait fourty-five minutes before the show finally began . 
On the advertisement , that I have received , it was written that the show would start at 19:30 but I kept wainting for it to start for half an hour . 
MY NAME JAMES CAMIREZ AND I ` AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLEINTS FOR THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT . 
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY APPEARS THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30 , AND I GOT HEAVILY MAD WHEN I LOOK MY WATCH AND NOTICE THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 -LRB- FORTY -RRB- MINUTES AND THE SHOW DID N'T START YET ... I MEAN I WAS AMAIZING ! 
I COULD N'T BELIVE IT HOW THIS CLASS OF THEATRE CAN BE SO . 
This is not the firt time I have been in your theatre and I have to tell you I have enjoyed many other plays , but be sure `` Over the rainbow '' will be the last one . 
I know this word is not the best but you have demostrated that the theatre can be just as cold as any other business . 
We both know this is not true , or shoud n't be . 
When someone comes specially to see Danny Brook acting , one of my favourites singers , whose career I have been following since the begining , and never appear , and nobody give any reason to the audience , how should one feel ? 
Of course , you shoud make a refund of the money , not only to me but to all the public . 
New fabrics create new textures , all kind of accesories are added to create new versions , to refresh old ideas , to make new proposals that will last , like always , just some weeks . 
Fashion is a part of our lives , even for those who will never reconize it . 
Have you notice that all the classic gentlemen wear same tipe of suit ? 
In fact , now I can write to friends who live in foreign countries , for exemple in the morning and receive back their answer in the evening or even just a minute after writing . 
Therefore I regard Internet as a quite powerful tool and I believe it has given more strenght to relations among people . 
I wright to complein about the musical show `` Over the Rainbow '' . 
I have to explain to every body that , I formaly dond ' t have a girlfriend , I explein them that it 's was a good posibility , nothing els , but noone belive me , because Pat has told them that I have a formal girlfriend . 
Definetely , it was not my perfect evening at all and under these circumstances I really believe you should give me my money back . 
Despite this , I 'm convinced all this progress caused some damages at the community , not only phisically . 
Finally , everyone should decrease his own life 's rythm . 
Unfortunatly your advertisment said that the show starts at 19:30 but it started 45 minutes later . 
Dear Sir or Mam , 
By problems I mean , that the show started at 20.15 and not at 19:30 or why were no discounts avaivable ? 
The most disappointing thing was that there were diffrent actors which were not very good in acting . 
I was very disapointed and I would like to have my money back . 
If you think about the early days , when no cars were on the roads and noone had an opertunity to fly to another country for holiday , people had to walk or go by horse and ship . 
Today , everyone has the opertunity to just get into a car and drive to where ever they want to . 
This also is a very big disatvantage because many people are losing thier jobs . 
It was a very unpleasent evening . 
The restaurant should had been oppened when I came out , but it was closed because of the hour the show finished . 
After breakfeast I have to use my car to get to school . 
At the beggining they did n't talk to each other but yesterday they both took part in a radio programme and she forgave him . 
On the advertisment it also said , you could visit our restaurant after the show , and that is what I did , but when I got there it was shut for no reason . 
In the advertisement , it was told that Danny Brook was starring , but in place of him there was a different actor and he was really dissapointing . 
As you can understand , it was a dreadful time and I went my money back as a solace for the dissapointment I had . 
The advertisment assured us a perfect evening but it was n't , so I would highly appreciate if you could refund completely our tickets . 
lastly about the ticket advertisment saids ` Discouts Available ' but no way I had to pad full £ 20.00 and restaurant was closed because of rebuilding something . 
How ever the point that it am trying to say is you just ruined my hoilday . 
Your advertisment was un fair . 
As you are a manager , you have resposbillity to justify this problem . 
But I say fashion is Artistic insperation which expressed by fabric and all sort of material . 
I am writing this letter to complane about the Circle Theatre . 
Secondly Discounts did not availabe . 
What 's more , the theatre reastaurant had been closed , when the show finished . 
It was not perfect evening whatoever . 
Regarding starting time and the theatre restaurant , to see the musical I had to wait about 45 minuits because it started at 20:15 . 
I know you are always interested in detictive stories especially Agatha Christie 's . 
Where the stories are concerned , they will not be difficult to understand because you already know the stories and naraitors are going to read clearly . 
Also , the e-mail system is really hepful . 
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland , we apreciate to pass a week in London every year . 
At first , we could n't get any discount , although you mention it on your advertisment . 
I parked the car and went ten minuts . 
I walked back , hoping I would n't come accross anyone and be able to drive back home . 
I was boried , so I decided to follow him to discover where he was going . 
Here are some argeuments telling why me and many other people from the audience are so disappointed . 
But to make everything clear I 'll start from the beggining . 
Parents were very pleased and happy we are so ambisious . 
As a result we were grouded for all holidays and all because our almost perfect Pat . 
I thank you in advance an hope for a positive requiere . 
Now I have a new computer , witch is very easy to use , and confortable for my fingers also more farrster . 
And finally , I would had my dinner after this disappointment musical and thougt I go to ` Theatre restaurant ' . 
This is not a tabu by me and my friends . 
I have dout when somebody said , that the fashion of the future would be different . 
The major characther is the old man who has to fight against the sea to keep alive . 
They 're fighting for the same reason with the same strenght , the man has to kill a brother , as he calls the fish . 
It 's something absoletuly necessary for every action people does It effects us both positive and negative . 
First of all , was the show suppossed to start at 19.30 , but it started first at 20.15 . 
however this was closed due to lack of personall . 
Nowadays , there are more and more people who wants to become designers and the competion is increasing . 
Secondly , it said the show started at 19:30 , but it deleyed to 20:15 . 
Unfortunely , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets . 
At first when he had a girlfriend , they talked to each other franckly . 
Her parents have been so upset that they have asked the school to help thier child and that is the reason why I 'm writing this story . 
It was very uncamfortable for me . 
I recentely had a week 's holiday in London , and during my stay , I went in your theatre to see `` Over the Rainbow '' because I have seen an advertisement about this show and I was really interrested to see it for many reasons , one of this reasons it is that I love the starring Danny Brook . 
For example 20 years ago , people who were affected by the AIDS Virus could n't live more than two or three years , but now with the new science , there is several therapi and now people affected by this virus can live many years . 
I think you can do a lot of think now than before with the techonology . 
best reguard . 
Dear Sir or Madam , With reference to your advertisment regarding the musical show `` Over the rainbow '' I am writing to with the intention to give you an impression of our experiences visiting the above mentioned show . 
According to your advertisment the play should have started at 19:30 . 
A story of an old seaman leaving his town to proove that he is still able to catch the biggest fish ever caught . 
When we finished our primary school we went at the same secundary school too , but we were in different classes . 
And when we finished the secundary school , I decided go to a foreign University . 
It seems to me that all these failures were your falt , because you were responsible for the arrangement of the show . 
That is why I think that modern techology helps me in my daily life . 
You can believe I was very disappointed when I saw that he actually was not playing and I was more bewildered that noone made an apologie for it ! 
If more and more ingenors work on science and technology , it must be that it is really usefull : but in what particular way ? 
What 's happened ? 
Disapponted ! 
Now we know , our world have developed to new world , becase we have high technology to do . 
In the present , the teachnology is a past of life . 
We appreciated the mordern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly , we have time to do many things . 
On the advertisement it said that discounts are availble , but when I asked a staff in the theatre about the discount he did n't offer me one . 
I excpect this will be possible . 
Like earings , necklaces , bracelets , rings , glasses , hairbands , hand bags , shoes , watches , etc. . 
The whole show and acting was an profeccion like scholl theatre . 
I could n't believe my luck , I was really sure that I won a return ticket to the Meditarenian Sea . 
The actor wich was `` dancing '' was horrible . 
That was supposed to be a joke from my `` coleagues '' ! 
SECONDLY , THE SHOW WAS SUPPOSED TO START AT HALF PAST SEVEN IN THE AFTERNOON , BUT IT STARTED AT QUARTER PAST EIGH , THAT IS FOURTY-FIVE MINUTES LATER ! 
THAT FRIDAY , I KNEW THAT I HAD DISSAPROVED THE EXAM , AND PAT KNEW IT TOO . 
I want to complain about your advertisment about the theatre ` Over the Rainbow ' I had a very disappointing evening . 
Yesterday when I arrived to the college , I saw Pat standing with Peter and a lot of other boys and they were looking strange at me and laufhing . 
Last week , during my holiday in London , I had the opportunity to see the show `` Over the Rainbow '' at the Circle Theathre . 
The day of the show , we got to the theather at 19:30 . 
Third , the theatre restaurant was closed because the cheff did not show up . 
Dear Sir/Madame , 
Begin at the begining . 
Sencerely ... 
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets and so his hole schoole knew from Sara 's experience . 
Sara was a very good puple . 
Lately , I had the oportunity to go to yours Circle Theatre event . 
Unfortunatly I never thought it could be so dissapointing . 
According to all this , what was supposed to be one of my best nights turned out to be definatly one of the worsts . 
Techology is always getting better . 
Firstly , as I read at the advertisment , the actor would be Danny Brook and this is one of the reasons why I came to the theatre . 
This actors appeared with fourty-five minutes later refering which is written on your advertisement . 
And as a conclusion I want you to give me my money back , -LRB- I have still the advertisement if you want the prooth what I say -RRB- . 
He doe n't want because he wants to prove the little and himself that he is not really old , even if he has a big age . 
As a result I asked my acquintance to come with me to the show . 
By the time he got out of the building , the cops was ever where but as long as Mallory is alive , he wo n't be arrested , with his unpredicatable mind . 
In fact , I expect a full refund plus compensation for the dissatisfaction suffured . 
When we think about clothes in the future , we should think about the enviroment first . 
And it is even more difficul to predict how the clothes of the future will look like . 
Dear MANANGER of the theatre 
Unfortunatety , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets . 
Many years ago , more or less seventy years a young man with a exellent capacity of thinking and to invent materials things , started building a big thing called `` time machine '' . 
The only thing Pat should do , was to choose a date , the one he likes and to press the starter botton , and you know , what , he did it ! 
I think it was definitely not a perfect evening as garenteed in your advertisement . 
All these equippments are the applications of modern science . 
On that date , I decided to spend one evening seeing a musical show as I was on holiday in London and was interested in musial show . 
The actor ` Danny brook ' , whom you advertised in the brocher , did not play a part in the show . 
It 's comletely different ! 
Have you ever been to fashion show named `` New trend , New Millenium '' ? 
And , finally , right before the starting they announced that Danny Brook woud not be in the show that evening . 
Among the greatest inventions of man I came accross dayly are telephone , computer and automobile . 
Computer , probably the must versatile invention , allows me to get an access to huge informatonal sources through the internet , to make shopping without leaving my house , to do my work more effectively and quickly . 
But in your advertisement you wrote that people can visit the resaurant after the show . 
If I search something like a telefonnumber or an adress I also look it up from the internet . 
Thus , you cann ' t believe what was my disappointment when I noted that it was closed , without no explanation . 
Finally , I would like to say you that I am asking for money back , because I had an evening totally despleased , completely different that you have anouced in your advertisement . 
First of all , modern technology have changed my daily life the last five years more quickly than in the anchient time , or even than a ten years ago . 
Nowadays , I cann ' t stay one day without consulting computers communications throught e-mail or internet . 
Few weeks ago , me and my farmily had a hoilday in London , the hoilday was n't too good ! 
In order to live happily the sciencetist can easily perdict the changes on earth , so than we can have time to perpare or defence our self from the Natural diseasters . 
Amaisingly , we can find that computer users are getting more and more . 
My daily life has also changed a lot through the use of computer or mordern technology . 
Further to the umpleasent fact that took place last week I am in my right of complaining about the musical show I saw when I was in London . 
The show had to start at 19:30 and it did not start until 8:15 , then I felt dissappointed because the main actor had been changed . 
If it does not seem enough , after the show by boyfriend wanted to invite me to eat something in the theatre 's restaurant but the umpleasent surprise was that it was closed because all the waiters were on holiday . 
First of all , the advertising shown us starring , which is Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , however , when I had seem it , starring of musical completely diffarent actors , I really disappointed about it . 
Secondary , the advertising shows as the musical start 14.30 and 19:30 , but the musical started 20:15 , it 's 45 minuts late , and also , I 'd asked discount ticket in the ticket counter , but there are not available any discount tickets . 
Now then , how was this advertising , it was completely diffarent , I am really disappointed your musical , I am ask you for money back , because I was n't enjoyed your musical . 
These modern techonology get closer between person to another person , get close between worldwide , so that , these modern technology changed our daily life so diffarent . 
Last week I went to the Circle theatre , of which you are responsable , to se the musical show `` Over the Rainbow '' . 
The advertisement outside the theatre explained a lot of interesting things to enjoy . 
I think modern technology has changed human 's life a lot , expecially starting with the last century . 
In my situation for example cars and motorcycles are a necessity to get out : I live on a little mountain at 160 metres of altitud so I can not go to the city using a bycicle . 
In the advertisment you promised a perfect evening out , but it was n't . 
It was very disappointing for me that the actor was n't Danny Brook , how it was told in the advertisment . 
So I want to ask for my money back , also because I had to pay for but cancel the arranged taxi because of the wrong starting time in the advertisment . 
My oppinion is that modern technology can help you to save time . 
I have seen the advertisement for the musical show and I realised that there were some mistakes . 
People used to wear very diffrent things from the clothes we wear now , we would n't even say that they are ` clothes ' . 
The things that people wear are changing every time , everyone tries to be diffrent in the public and very different sorts of clothes are being created . 
Besides all those improvements and confort I ca n't stop thinking where all this will lead us . 
The first thing that dissapoint me was the starring . 
but the reastaurant was closed because the show started 20:15 and finissed at 00.15 and the restaurant was opened until 00.00 . 
I am writing to complaine about the evening at the Circle Theatre presenting `` Over the Rainbow '' . 
Everybody will wear anything he/she likes , choosing clothes from any century they wishe without this being strange . 
On the other hand , if human society turns to be stricher and more limited , there will be only 2 or 3 types of clothing , formed by the needs of the society . 
The show was called `` Over the rainbow '' and should be , in refer to the advertisment , London 's newest and best musical show . 
I was very pleased that the main actors listed on the advertisment were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove . 
Las problem I would like to tell you is a restaraunt there . 
I remember some sientific cartoons when I was younger I watched on television . 
First it helps my social life to be convinient . 
Because of computeres or telephones I could have less chances to meet my friends than before . 
To sum it up , as technology is improving my life itself is becoming convinient . 
I 'm writing to you inform you about the dissapointing evening I had when I went to your theather to see the play called `` OVER THE RAINBOW '' . 
Finally , I want to tell you that it is not useful for you and your theather to cheat to your customers . 
Emilio Almodar , 18 years old , University Student , and the career I have choosen is Internacional Commerce or Market . 
In addition to this we use the net to comunicate with some friends we have in U.S.A. 
I like very much Danny Brook , and his unaspected absence caused on me a big sadness . 
It 's all right , but I also think that he 's too exagerate . 
I like his company , and we are happy when we are togheter . 
The show supposted to start at 19.30 pm but it started at 20.15 pm . 
Yours sinecerely 
BUT IT IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO DEFINE IT OR TO FIX THE RULES WITHIN WHICH IT DEVELOPES ; NOWADAYS THE FASHION WORLD INCLUDES -LRB- AND IS CREATED BY -RRB- STYLISTS FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD , EACH ONE PRESENTING A DIFFERENT MODEL OF BEAUTY , SOMETIMES ONE OPPOSITE FROM ANOTHER . 
I THINK THAT FASHION IN THE FUTURE WILL DEVELOPE ACCORDING TO VERY DIFFERENT LINES : THERE MAY BE A RETURN TO THE FASHION OF THE PAST , AS WE CAN NOTICE YET NOW , OR A MORE FANTASCIENTIFIC AND TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPEMENT . 
First of all in your advertisment for the show you wrote that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were taking part at the show . 
The people who were there to watch the show were very ungry and they were shouting because they were waiting for too long , And I absolutely agree with them . 
Also in the advertisment you wrote that discounts were available , but they were n't , And also that people could visit the theatre restaurant after the show , to eat some thing or to have a drink . 
So , the next day Pat went and told to his sister Sally that her friends were organising a suprise party for her birthday . 
When Sally heared that , was very suprised and very excited . 
I 'm sorry to tell you , that I 'm really disappointed of your advertisment for the musical show in the Circle Theatre . 
Faithully , 
He said , ` shure no problem ' . 
I hope this matter will recieve your prompt attention . 
Yours faitully 
Secondly time starts at 19:30 on the leafet but it actually started at 20:15 . 
She went quietly downstair and closed the door as soon as she went into her room . 
She was so frighten and sad that she had no energry . 
According to your advertisment I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all . 
The show started t 20.15 instead of 19.30 . 
To make matters worse the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisment was closed . 
So I had n't such perfect evening , as was promised in your advertisment . 
In fact there were a lot of mistakes in your advertisment and I would be gratefull if you could give me back a part of my money . 
On the one hand Internet is often used for entertaiment , but on the other hand it 's also used in different business and education process ! 
What do you think modles will wear in cat walks ? 
I know this is one right love , I 'm absolutely besorrted of him . 
I am Writing this letter to say my dissatisfaction of your entertament . 
Also the musical did not start on time , it was late thirty minuts . 
Fathermore , discounts was unavailable . 
Indeed , it had a big swimming pool and a beatiful garden . 
In fact , unlike the perfect evening out that you promised on your advertisement , I had a very disapointing evening . 
Last night , I cam to your musical show , `` Over the rainbow '' and I was very disappointed because it was n't what you writed in your advertisement . 
For example , a car , which is used from everyone everyday , changed my daily life in the sens that I do n't need my dad or my mum to go to ice-skating or to go to work . 
I can do it by myself and for me it is important not only because of the technology , but because I can show that I am responsable . 
When I first heard about Over the Rainbow I was very exited about the idea of seeing it , plus when I heard about the facilities that the circle theatre was giving , it becomed the best oportunity I ever had to asist to a musical of that category , but instead of being the best evening I ever had , it was a total disaster and that 's the reason why I am writting to you . 
Science and Technology is a theme very discussed nowdays , most of the comunity of our city , and of the world , were technology has arrived , confirms that it has in some way improved their way of life . 
I am writing to complain about the Musical Show ` Over the Rainbow ' permormed on the Circle theatre last week . 
What was suppoused to be a perfect evening out turned to be disappointing one instead . 
In the advertisment it was clearly written that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play main roles . 
The advertisment said that the show would start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 . 
The advertisment said that they would be available but they were not . 
We build big cities , there are hot and cold water , electricity , gas in particulary every home . 
I was terribly ennoyed ! 
Nowaday , I organise my activities with an electronic organizer that authorizes me to connect to Internet by infra-red link with my mobile phone to get informations and electronic mails . 
I often go on Internet to find informations for studying a precise subject more accutely -LRB- university technology sites -RRB- . 
Firstly I expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but I felt very angry when I saw diffrent actors . 
When I had 16 years old I fell in love with the most hundsom boy in our school . 
Everybody started to laught at me . 
There was n't discount avaiable for the tickets and I went to the theatre with my three cousins from Brazil . 
Modern technology can affect our daily life transforming our relationship and the ways to comunicate to other people as well as our life expectancy . 
With the introduction of the computer in our civilization we can access Internet to comunicate with our relatives and friends living abroad or far from ourselves . 
Besides of this , the information goes faster than it used to know and it 's avaiable in the same time to every part of the world . 
As you can see , there are some -LRB- volontary ? -RRB- 
I became quickly bored by this hypocrital attention they had for me . 
They always done thing together , and they were the most popular boys in school , both were very hanson , played football they were the example for everybody . 
Pat and Ted , had always competition , and Ted used to be the best , he never had failed and people in general constums to like more Ted , I do n't now why . 
Unable to keep a secret he told for everyone , ended his friendship with Ted , now Ted is rejective for everyone , no one talks to him and Pat is the example , but without his best friend and his honestity . 
Secondly , I coud n't get a discount with my student card and the show started 45 minutes later . 
My name is Manu Roddos and I am writing to complain about somethings that happened in the performance of the show Over the Rainbow , wich took place in your stablishment , The Circle Theater , that made me feel very upset . 
Firstly , the great boom of massive comunication wich happened in the beginning of our decade , with the devellopment of telephones , radio stations , television and even satelites , and of course , the internet , gave common people the chance to take off on a trip all over the world , and this provided health and education researches to increase as well . 
I 'm writing you to complain about the disappointing expirience I had with your theatre . 
So , the show was not good at all and my evening was spoiled in spite of all that advertisement promissed . 
It started at 20:15 and that waisted my time and made me feel bad about your service . 
From every singular things I have complained , it was totally different from what your advertisment said . 
First I was very disappointed about the price of the ticket because I expected to pay a smaller pice than £ 20 for my six year old daughter . 
Now Pat realized what was going on and could undstand why her boyfriend got so nervous about the secret . 
Furthur more , the restaurant in the theatre was closed after the show because of the delay . 
If you compare the fashion now with that of 100 years ago , you 'll notice that there are incredably big difference between them . 
Imagine that all the people have masks on their mouthes and noses like we have sun-glasses , and that all the masks are designers brands , which are made of special material to prevent us from breathing in polluted air . 
Firstly , you advertised that Danny Brook , who is the my favorite , is a main-actor but there was another actor insted of him . 
In the bus or even in the tube , I can talk with a friend with a mobile phone when I feel boaring . 
Dear Sir/MADAME , 
Also in the advertisement says , that the show will begin at 19.30 and it started at 20.15 ; that mean that I have to cancelled a date that I had at 21:00 , because I coud n't make it . 
Finally , it supose to have the restaurant open , and it was n't , because they did n't have electricity to cook , so they close it . 
We stayed together in a host family in the surburb of the city . 
But Pat could not resist the temptention of calling the police . 
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets that why our great plan for horiday were not be real . 
It happened in last summer we planed to go on holiday in the Southen part of Thailand by motorbike but we could n't tell our parents because they would n't allow us to go . 
Whlile I was standing on the beach suddenly I heard someone called my name and said that I had to go home , that right , she is my mum . 
The live is more comfortable with all the new machines you can use at home , at the office or it is helful to live with all the new medical machines in the hospitals . 
Second of all , the play was suposed to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . 
I decided to go home and prepare some sandwiches . 
Before modern technologies arrived , you ca n't comunicate as easy as today we can do . 
You can comunicate with people from place were you never can imagine to have a trip because it will be too expensive . 
But , if you do n't like to use the keyboard to tell something or comunicate , you can use video conference , a sistem wich you can talk with other people simply with a microphone and speakers . 
I went to buy the ticket and as I like to enjoy the show near of the stage I bought a £ 20 tiket but when I asked for the discount they told me `` I am sorry but there was an error in the advertisement , It will be impossible to make you a discount '' . 
At 19:15 I was very impatient waiting for the show begins and a man anounced that the show will start at 20:15 . 
Finaly the show started and to my sorprise my favourite actor Danny Brooke had been replaced by another actor . 
programes . 
Pat sent to my house a fax with the different alternatives she thought but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the sorprise was ended . 
First of all I think that technology has been one of the most important inventions of human and that without it we could n't be where we are wright now . 
Pat was my friend , I trusted her and we got on very well untill she had repeated to everyone the secret I had told her . 
Suprisingly the show started at 20:15 . 
Of course I accepted immidiately . 
After school Larry and I went to the cinema , but on the enterance there was a beautiful girl waiting for us . 
First of all I had read in the advertisement that it would start at 19:30 and that I would have some discount , but it started at 20:15 , what means that I had to wait for forthy five minutes , and there was n't any discount on tickets . 
Finally at the end of the sow I decided to went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because it was n't been repeard yet . 
Most of them believe that they are kind of crazy or ievel . 
Carol , 16 years old girl , said `` I imagine clothes in the future very strang . 
May be they would have many colors and they would be very thight . 
I am writing with regard to your advertisment . 
I was so dissapointted with that . 
which were unusuall before . 
There has been change relatinships between people . 
There is no need to be a genious to notice that technology has evoluated so considerably during the last decades that our everyday life has changed . 
To begin with , according to your advertisement , discount tickets were availabe . 
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets and this was the reason why the party was n't as succesful as we thought . 
She works as a model , and she was advicing him about which clothes , etc , ... 
I would consider to bring this complains to the court if I do not receive any agreeable explaination from the theatre . 
Fashion is one of the most popular topics people discuss about in the past , now and also in the future . 
It seem be incredible , but it 's commun habits for us . 
I will always said thank you very much to the inventor who has invented the maschines wich make the washing and the washing-up , before this , the women spent a long time had done this tasks . 
I saw the musical show in your advertisment in my holiday . 
Surprizingly there was a complete different actor starring . 
He is only aiming for the biggest fishes and he has been unsuccesfull for 86 days . 
On his way back home to port he is attacked by sharks who eats his catched fish pice by pice . 
Yesterday morning , I went to toilet , I overherd two people talking about my son I felt pity on myself and I burst into tears . 
I 'M WRITING YOU TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MUSICAL SHOW `` OVER THE RAINBOW '' WICH WAS PRESENTED LAST WEEK . 
YOURS SINCEARLY 
I am writing to complain about the musical show , OVER THE RAINBOW , and also about the servic . 
Sacondly , in your advertisement I read `` Times 14.30 and 19.30 '' . 
I look farward to hearing from you in the very near future , to offer me the money back . 
After that a being climed out from the potato . 
I could not belive my ears . 
As he closed his eyes , he started to travel across the dark paths of his councience . 
Paul was wandering wether this beast could be offensive when the creature said these words `` I am glad to meet you , Paul . '' 
After the show I wanted to drink somthing in your theatre restaurant but when I arrived it was closed because the show started to late ! 
I told her that my parents are getting divorsed and that I will move to Chicago with my mother . 
One day , Pat and I were going home , when she asked me , if I will give a party befor I 'll go . 
I had to tell her that I do n't have the time to organise anything becaus we , my mother and I , have to get our stuff ready to move . 
On Monday in our last week Pat asked me if I want to eat supper at her house . 
But when we get into the hous ther were all my friends ! 
I recive a paper where I was told about a play you are presenting and of the advantages I would recive if I go to see it , think that never happend . 
First of all , in the sheet I recived , it says that DANNY BROOK was one of the actor , thing that is not true , because insted of him , there was another actor , that I do n't know what 's his name is . 
I write this letter to tell you about the program that tomorrow starts , about that exelent book I have told you to read . 
This exelent book tells the story of a man of 25 years that have a little boy , his son , that lives in very bad condicion . 
Secondly , all the spectators were waiting the begining of the play at 19.30 and it started at 20.15 then I would like to know why do you say one time in the advertisement why do you do what you want . 
Maybe , I could be a good way to get spectators but I 'm going to comunicate that to my travel office . 
When it was time to do the final exam , she became ill and she could n't do it so teachers decided to allow her to pass the course because she had a lot of good marks but on the other hand the principal desagreeded with it and did n't give the permision to pass her . 
An actor was changed and the pubblic were no informated . 
The show started 45 minuts late without valid reasons ! 
At the end , the theatre resturant was closed for holiday ! 
I think the modern tecnology is very important to my life . 
I do n't know it is a typical situation in the Circle Theatrer that is promised much more then the people can get for their money , or it was on June 7 -LRB- my visit -RRB- only , but I am not agree with such situation and would ask you for my money back - my bank account number is enclosed . 
Because the people have fast and comfortable cars , they are much more mobil and can spend their free-time more aktiv - they can often visit their friends and travel much more . 
I am writing to you because of the unpleasent evening I have spent recently . 
I am writting to you to complain about the musical show , wich everything was completely different from the advertisement . 
I am very pleased that I born under such good tecnologies like my parents did n't have the same luck . 
To make it worse , neither discounts or restraurants were available at that night although they were said to be available . 
However , I think , there will be some diffences in quality and materials of clothes . 
At first I was irritated that contrary to your announcements no discounts were availlable . 
To my greatest disappointement Danny Brooks was not in the show , but his part was played by an actor whose -LRB- lack of -RRB- singing and acting skills did not make him a suitable replacement . 
I hope this is n't affending you too much ... 
I wo n't never forget the day the doctor told me and my Mum the thruth of my strange disease . 
Competers entirely changed people lives . 
There are hundrets of prograns which help you communicate with your cousin in Australia or with a complete stranger which you wan na meet . 
I reciently was in London , in my sister 's home , and I went to se `` Over the Rainbow '' . 
In the evening I got a flat tire , and because of this I got late to the show , when I got to my place , it was used -LRB- it cost a lot -RRB- and they took me to the cheapest seats , where I could n't see a thing . 
To sumarize the night I am going steady with him , and he took me home . 
All the truth was then told , and now I am grownded for life . 
Danny Brook was going to be the starring actor but he wasn not , actor took his place . 
In the advertisement you write that there is biscount available but It was not . 
I think the next time you write an advertiment you write it with the right information . 
I did not have a perfect evening with so many proplems . 
Techology is a bad or a good efection ? 
In 18 cetury technology started to grow more and more 20 century named the century of technology . 
Thechnology helps people . 
The advertisement said that it starts at 19.30 , but it started actually at 20:15 due to the probleme of the sound . 
What is the effect of it in your environement ? 
The technology moves very fast specially in the domaine of transportation . 
The major probleme for the industry cities is to deal with the bad effect of polution in the environement . 
When I asked something about `` discount '' , your staf said that it is impossible . 
Becouse I wanted to see this show . 
Becouse you said lie to us . 
Becouse I had n't got a mobile-phone . 
Becouse I can read my newspaper in the internet . 
Becouse I have got a data-bank . 
When I asked for the price I was surprised becaused the seller told there was n't any discount available . 
I used my computer for collecting reports from internet and I can promise I found so much information that I could n't analize it in two weeks . 
She was one of my friends and I could n't trust her at all because she was a truble maker . 
I 'm sorry but I am very dissapointed with the musical show . 
We arrived on time but the musical show was delayed untill half-pass eight . 
This was a very difficult decission but I had to take it because of my personal situation , all the time shouting and fighting will all my family . 
For weeks I 've been planing to go to this threatre with some close relatives and friends but the problems that we had made this perfect night a disaster has all of us . 
To begin with on your advertisment you say that Danny Brooks will be starring the show but instead their was a different actor which made us very disappointed . 
Actually this happened because the most things I saw were differend from what the advertisement had been written . 
Yours senciarly 
One day , we went to a party , where she met some of the most pobular girls in the school . 
Secondly , the show should have started at 19:30 p.m. , and it began fourty-five minutes later . 
Moreover , when I went to buy the tickets no discounts were avaliable . 
Furthermore , I wanted to have a coffe after the show , but when I tried to get to the theatre restaurant , it was closed . 
Ballons and coloured lights were put in all the trees . 
I 'M WRITTING THIS LETTER BECAUSE TWO WEEKS AGO I WAS IN LONDON AND I WENT TO THE THEATRE TO SEE YOUR MUSICAL SHOW . 
NOWDAYS THE MAJORITY OF PEOPLE HAVE A COMPUTER IN THEIR HOME AND SOMETIMES WE WONDER OURSELVES HOW WILL MODERN TECHNOLOGY CHANGE OUR DAILY LIFE . 
You said there would be stars such as Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , whose music is my favourate , but the musicians were actually some other people whose names I had never heard of . 
What a catestrophee ! 
To make matter worse , we have never had the oppurtunity to see Danny Brook because , instead , there was a different actor ! 
I hope , you will agree and share my disappointement . 
I think we have to take in consideration our enviroment : The pollution makes more and more the atmosphere warmer . 
Nowadays , almost everybody have a microwaves oven , where you put your milk less than two minuts and it is ready to delight your mouth . 
Everything is possible , but it would be fun to see this type of gadgets with old clothes , like a dress of the middle-Age . 
So , due to the things I have mentioned , I think I shoul be given some money back . 
I look forward to recieving information from you . 
In addition to this , there is less comunication between members of my family , because when we arrive at home after an exhausted day racing with the time , the only thing we want to do is lying in the sofa while watching television . 
On the other hand and as a conclusion , I think that this development has made my life more comfortable living sourrended by lots of gadgets with differents functions . 
In the advertisment for the show you said that one of the starring was going to be Danny Brook , and to my surprise it was a different actor , and it realy disapoint me . 
Tecnology , are we prepeared for those advances ? 
Your faightfully 
It 's a sad story but it makes you know a tipe of life that you ca n't imagine that really exists . 
I am very surprised that such a reputable theatre like yours has been able to break all promises that appeared in the advertisment . 
Sciencist will invented new materials that will keep the temperature in a suitable range . 
As well , people wo n't be as worried about fashion as nowaday , however it will be very important that clothes are comfortable and suitable for your work and daily duties as well as sport or everything you have to do . 
Of course , the resources used and manufacturing will be completely harmless for the enviroment because people will be more aware of the neccesity of taking care of the world we live in . 
If I feel like talking to a friend I just have to call him and whereever he is I will be able to get through to him . 
It started at 20:15 leaving us writing for fourty five minutes . 
In the future people will wear clothes made of polyseer and nylon because cotton and wool will be rare and expensive . 
At first it was a great plessure for me to get a ticket therefor becauses I 'm one of the greatest fan of Danny Brook . 
For me as an scientist it 's a main problem to show how the inovations of the last century goes up with the environment and natur . 
Nevertheless , in my opinion , the only way to find a better kind of living with the nature is to check out the problems we have . 
First off all , if computers hade n't been invented , I would n't spend half of the day in front of it ! 
The developpement of portable communication systems , such as mobile phones has greatly changed our way of life . 
I practicate Scuba Diving during the week-ends and hollydays . 
The restaurant was closed because there was n't electricity you should close the theatre untill the restaurant get appropriate to use . 
I was not too happy about that and why did n't the theatre start when it was suposed to start ? 
Your advertisement was ful of false advertising . 
I do n't have to stress around in the supermarket a friday evening , when I 'm tired from school , I just get all the groseries I need delivered to my door . 
Nowdays I spend 2 hours intent of the computer every day , shopping or chatting to people . 
First of all , I was surpprising that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove did not played . 
I read on your advertisment in Friday 's edition of the Times that the show should start at 19.30 but the representation started at 20.15 . 
I am studiant and I did n't find any discount 's ticket . 
For exemple , if I do n't have time to do my shopping after school because I have to do my homework , I am going on Internet and ask for what I need . 
In my point of vue , Internet is the most important discover of the 2000 centery . 
There was no discount at all which is in contrast with ` Discounts Availabe ' . 
For the fashion of the future , I think it depends on the people 's own personalities and develope their own styles which suits them the most . 
As different kinds of farbics will be invented & the clothings will never be just cotton as always been seen . 
Maybe paper can also be a farbic use for make clothings and for those who like to wear new clothes everyday . 
I looked at her and she became pale and suddently left the class . 
We had to wait over 40 minitues . 
It seemed to sank into the sea , but fourtunately , storm went soon . 
How has mordern technology changed my daily life ? 
Sometimes , I think I am a computer addict because whenever I come back home , my hand go to computer swich , automaticaly , even though I do n't want to use the computer . 
Two days before I read the advertisment for this show , where Danny Brook was starring . 
Apart from that the show started at 20:15 not at 19:30 , as it is written in the advertisment and the theatre restaurant was closed when the show finished . 
When I went in my bedroom I reliased that Pat had told my mother for the party , because noone else knew that my mother did not know that 
Pat promised not to speak to anyone about the car , but one evening Philip overhead her speaking about this with her boyfriend `` It will be delievered on Thursday ! 
The other bad point was the time when the show started , it was already 20:15 when the first star entred on the scene , but your advertisement sayed 19.30 ! 
A good example is the celular phone , I can contact my family without problem , I can inform my company if I had an accident with my car . 
For instances with the arrive of Internet , the new digital television or the researchers in the medecin ; we are discovering how we can change our lives only with press a botton , or look for something new with only think about it ... 
On the other hand , due to science development , I am getting better , recovering from ahsma . 
17th Juni 2000 
I 'm in London first time and I wondered what is interesting on yours stage : I read in newspaper the advertisment about best musical show . 
In advertisment was - `` discounts available '' . 
I saw one week ago on TV -LRB- the 23th annual -RRB- the fashion show in Paris and I was very surrprised because of this style . 
Instead of 730 am as your advertisment said , it started 815 am . 
When the show started Danny Brook was not acting , witch was a great dissapointment for us both . 
When were nine years old and were in thired grade we had a ` House ' where we used to play all afternones . 
A century ago , when a farmer took the horses out of the stable and put the plouge behind them , we 've got the word `` time '' . 
I must say a few words about the new electrical cars which surely will have a central role , exspecially today when fuel is so expensive . 
I am writing to complain about a musical show on 10 of June , and I was very disappinted . 
I was promised that the starring was Danny Brock but when I was there I saw just other starring that was completely difference from your brochar . 
According in your brochour , it was started to show at 19.30 p.m. 
I wanted to sleep and very anoying . 
I have a really good , freind , Pat who I was trusted and counted on her . 
One day , I was falling in love with closest freind . 
My boy freind was very handsome , clever and very polite . 
We were stedy at the same class at school and he also knowed Pat as well . 
Personally , I wanted to keep serets because I afraid that we might have splited up . 
And I would like to make sure that he was relly love me . 
One day I decided to tell my best freind - Pat who I realio-on her . 
I told her everything abat my boyfreind and when we were met each other and evertauly we were falling in love . 
I 'm very sory to tell you that I had a very disappointing evening . 
First , I got there at 7:00 pm , because the show was about to start at 7:30 pm , and I need some time to by the tickets , I by two tickets of £ 20 and when I ask for a discount , they did n't give it to me , then I keep waiting for the show to start untill 8:15 pm . 
Lately when the show finished , I planed to go to the restorant and get some food , but I was close , because it was being repaired . 
I was in love with a friend 's boyfriend and we were about to have an affair , but when I made the big mistake of telling me little and terrible secret to Pat , everithing started going wrong , Katrin my friend , and the one I was being bad with , was very upset with me , and she was right , but I really do n't know what to do , I was in love with Brett , but I love my friend too . 
Then I decide to talk to Katrin , I was very sory of all I have do , so I apologize with her and promise her that this will never would happen again . 
In fact modern technology was already very popular and comonly used when I was born , so I can not say that it changed my life rapidly . 
On the other hand , I am aware of all these disadvantages of the modern technology ; pollution and dangarous it brings . 
I am writing to make some complaints about the musical show `` Over the Rainbow '' , wich you are the manager . 
It was also written in the show 's addvertisement that there would be discounts available for the tickets . 
One day , I inocently told Pat that I was dating Philip Smythe , the school 's hunk and most popular boy . 
By the use of car I do not only get an easy way to move , but I destroy my enviroment . 
I am writing to you , because I would like to disagree with your advertisment for the show ` over the Rainbow ' . 
As it is said in advertisment the show starts at 19.30 but I had to stay outside for 45 minutes , because by the programme it started at 20.15 , but that was not the end of the story , in your advertisment it is clearly said that you have discounts available on tickets , that was not true ! 
Such as mobile phone that helps me to communicate , with anyone in the world , even if I am not at home , I use stereo , if I want to listen to my favourite music , I use tapes , CDs , hairdryers , ect. . 
Many years ago people did n't have an oppotunity to use all these things and they had to work a lot . 
The advertisment says that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play but in this show there were totally different actors and that was really disappointing because I was looking forward to them . 
DANNY BROOK is one of my favorite actor so I decided to buy a ticket even if I cancel my apointment on that day at 18 = 30 and aslo notice of price discount impressed me . 
Afterwards we wanted to go for a pleasent dinner . 
Anyway we defenately now that they 're going to change . 
On top of everyting , the restaurant which was announced in the advertisement was closed because it was being arranged . 
You can imagine how dissappointed I felt after that evening , and I am writing to ask you for a further return of part of the money . 
But , in other things , I think modern technology has n't changed my way of living too much : I do more or less the same as I did some years ago : I get up in the morning , go to school , have lunch , study and go out with my friends without being afected by microchips or nuclear energy . 
But cars created pollution : for exemple the green house effect . 
Technology allows us to improve our knowledge in sciences like medecine so as to cure more illnesses or to make people live older . 
In my opinion it 's a lot better than the dictionnary because it 's faster and you really find what you need . 
The machines have replaced the work of the humains . 
All our life is symplifying by the machines for not waste the time to work on their developpment . 
I take the dissision to write to you because I would like to complaine about the theatre . 
Humans past many things Throu the years made posipole many things . 
Circle theatre 's Manager : I am writting you because I felt dissapointed after seeing the musical show `` Over the Rainbow '' . 
First the actors who were suppoused to star in this show were not the ones put in there . 
I had a discount for it , but they refussed it and I had to pay the full price . 
Appart from this , the show started fourty five minutes later . 
She was also concerned about being pregned , but she was afraid to told John about it . 
He could n't belived what Pat had told him , so he broke Pat 's nose . 
FIRST OF ALL , IN YOUR ADVERTISMENT SAID THAT DISCOUNTS WERE AVAILABLE , BUT I COULD N'T FIND THEM ANYWHERE . 
SECONDLY ... THE PLAY STARTED AT QUARTER PAST EIGHT : FOURTY-FIVE MINUTES LATE . 
MY ADRESS IS IN THE ENVELOPE . 
I will take the exemple of the use of the internet . 
One day , while I was studying maths , one of my friends , called Pat , asked me to have a coffe with her . 
The problem started when I confesed her that I had fall in love with Larry , who was my cousin 's boyfriend . 
First off all I would like to say that it has started later than it should to , I had to wait for about fourty-five minutes . 
Then I realized that Danny Brook did not appear in the show which was very disappoiting for me because I like this actor very much , and I think that I was not the only one who was upset . 
Nowaday people wear lesser clothes . 
Often you causes very litte and short robes and tops . 
But this problem is solving by itselfes . 
The sommers and winters get warmer . 
I am writing to you becaus I was very disappointing with the presentation you have made to attract people to come to your theatre . 
First of all I came to see a play just becaus my faivourite actrice shoud of been part in it , but she did n't . 
In my apineon the world by it self will be different in temperature cased by global warming as well as people become more niceer , less will take place , so the clothes will mainly be maid from cotton with smooth colours like dark grean or gray . 
I went to see ` over the rainbow ' presented by the circle theater . 
THE HISTORY OF THE HUMAN BEING IS THE HISTORY OF THE CONQUER OF THE WORLD , THAT SAID , TECHNOLOGY HAS ADVANCED CONTINOUSLY SINCE THE BEGGINING OF MAN 'S EVOLUTIVE PROCESS , FURTHERMORE , DURING THE LAST TWO CENTURIES , THERE HAS BEEN AN ENORMOUS TECHNOLOGICAL EXPLOSION , WHILE THE XIX CENTURY GAVE US THE STEAM MACHINE , THE FACTORIES AND THE ELECTRIC BULB , THIS CENTURY HAS GIVEN US THE NUCLEAR ENERGY -LRB- AND SADLY THE ATOMIC WEAPONS -RRB- , THE COMPUTER , INTERNET AND THE TELEVISION . 
When I met Caballos , my best friend , I felt embarassd and disappointed and I could n't say anything . 
First of all , I think we should consider the manner actually how the people are dressing to see how it 's going to be developped into the future . 
Since then , I hase n't talked to her again , despite the fact that she regretted doing all that and really wanted to make up with me . 
Thus when Sally explained her that she had fallen in love with Kevin , Pat felt very embarassed . 
And what 's more , there were n't discouts available and the theatre restaurant was closed : the only people who could enter in were the actors and the staff . 
Well , it seems that it was n't my perfect evening and for all these reasons I pretend to have my money back , I waisted £ 20 to see a show which does n't respect the programm I payed for . 
And it 's all the more tyring since you often wait during two weeks before buying it . 
Maybe it would be a nice idea to analize these changes and to put limits to technology , because I think that the most important is our life and no the ways we improve it . 
Petersburg , and I 'm studing in a theatre acodimy . 
My freind & came to London for an excursion . 
Danny Brook is my favorit actor & to see him was my dream from my childhood ! 
It was a suprise when we were told there will be another actor . 
Also we expected to get a discounts as a students , but international students cards are not available in your theater -LRB- that is very strange - even your advertisment has an information about discounts -RRB- . 
Our days I would call a days of great technologycal progress . 
`` Dear '' menager of the Circle theatre , 
I was getting angry , but , finally , the show started and I became quiter . 
At the end , I asked for money back -LRB- and paiment for my orrible night -RRB- : do you think anybody give me back something ?! 
Science and technology characterize our moder society . 
Walking on a city street , it 's difficult to find parks or `` green '' places with trees and clean air : actually pollution , traffic and noize are the main problems of our society . 
I know I 'm `` daughter of this techological world '' and unluckly I think I could 'n stay without it : it 's rather strange that today there 's already somebody without phone , dishwasher , TV ... 
In my oppinion you have to give some money back to me . 
3 You recommend that there will be the resturant after the show . 
5 Never the less , I took my headmistress with me and I have recommened how wonderful this show was going to be . 
It became scencial to do my homework . 
To whome it may concern , 
Firstly , the advertisement told that Danny Brook was going to starr in a musical but it turned out a completely different person which was very disappointing . 
Secondly , according to the advertisment , the musical was supprsed to start at 19.30 but it actually started at 20.15 which caused me a trouble . 
She found familier faces on the other side of the street . 
In my oppinion , in a hundred of years , we 'll wear the same kind of clothes that we wear nowadays . 
What will change in clothes , will be the comfortability of them and the way they protect us and our body from temperature and physical agressions . 
Dear Sir or Madame , 
Your advertisement for the show contains further inaccuracy ; this entertainment did not sart at 19.30 p.m but only at 20.15 . 
A couple of weeks later , my sister called me as I was at work ; completely devastated and weaping scalding tears , she could , hardly pronounce a word . 
I could get her as well simmer for a second or two then she suddenly sarted shouting uncontrollably : - `` Never have I met such a poor cow like Pat '' , hurled Olga at me , through the phone . 
Firstly , I was disapointed , because the actor Danny Brook did not appeared in the show . 
Likewise , there were no discounts avalaible . 
You wrote ` discouts available ' but they did n't discount . 
But I was unpleasent because of these things . 
Owing to all of them , I can live very comfortbly . 
Computers , radio , CD 's , sattelite television and a lot of other things have changed my daily life . 
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , I knew that he 's very talkative person , but it was nessesery because I wanted him to be the main director of that birthday party for tenes . 
I made a beautifull invite cards for every Agatha friends with a sign `` Do not tell Agatha about that , this is a suprise party for her , please keep the secret ! '' 
My friend and I made a perfect decoration with ballons and other party stuff . 
It was so exaiting !!! 
Enyway the disco was great , music also . 
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , this sentance is very popular in our school . 
I was very happy , I phone to my boyfriend and I explained him my secret he said allright so at nine o'clock in front of the cinema '' . 
If Pat hade n't say the secret to her mother I would be have no problem . 
I think that this tendence will not change but what will change is life . 
The worst thing of all was that at the beggining of the show I realized that the actors were totally different . 
I had a vary dissappointing evining last saturday . 
I had everythig planned , I and my family where coming to whatch your show and then have a decent meal at your theatre restaurant but it was disasterous . 
Some where just friend groups but others took it seriously , maby just a bit too seriously , they gave themselves names and acted as gangs rather than just groups of friends , and started picking on younger people , or mempers of other gang , trying to start fights with them . 
Then , the show had to start at half past seven and I had to wait fourty-five minutes because it started later . 
You said that some discouns was available . 
When I went to the reastaure I was really suprised . 
It helps me when I studie . 
Firstly , the show did not start on time but fourty-five minutes later . 
Definetely , it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate your if it was possible to have my money back . 
Then at the adverstisement stood that performance begin at 19.30 . 
So this evening was terriable . 
And now I requere my money back . 
Among them a mobile telephone , computers , telefaxes , different mashiens for kitchen , mashiens which helps housekeeper to do any work about the house . 
They can only push on their dish mashiens and go to do something what they think more pleasant . 
Celular phone can be inconvenient sometimes , but it can be very useful in certain situations : when your car is broken on the road , when you need to be found anywhere and at any time -LRB- if you are a doctor , a lawyer or a journalist , for instance -RRB- , and so forth . 
I went to London to see this musical but I was absolutely dissapointed about the show . 
It was about 21:00 , I thought it was bit later but it was n't my falt anyway . 
A 100 years ago , people wear much more diffrently . 
The enviroment will be very polluted and finally we 'll get desease . 
It started at 20:15 , fourty five minutes later ! 
Before using e-mail , I used to write letters and sometime telephon . 
Cassually my cousin had the same age as me , sixteen , that 's the reason for we started a friendly relationship . 
First the starring was going to be Danny Brook , but then another man took his place , I could n't believe it , you could n't change Danny Brook , a very important artist , and put a begginer one . 
Maria passed all the day thinking about who told them that , there were two posibilities : one her best friend Becca or his sister Pat . 
Obviously , Pat first refused , but then she accepted that she was wrong , and apologyse Maria , after then Pat never again talked about someone within his or her permission . 
Dear Sir or Madame , 
I am writing to you to complate about the show `` Over the Rainbow '' at your theatre `` The Circle Theatre '' . 
I am very disapointed by this . 
Now a day clothes is designed to be more comfortable . 
Material and coloures of your cloths has changed since the early 1900 's to 2000 . 
Synethetic was created by scientis . 
They were just playing and be acsident , Peter shoot him . 
Firstly when I went to the show it was writing that the starting time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight I had waitted for fourthey five minutes . 
I just knew I could n't have trusted to her but as I went in the house my dad offered pot to stay for meal I was in a schock thinking why is n't anyone getting angry to me after a while we sat for dinner and Pat just talk my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry . 
I am still a student and I saw in the advertisment that there were some discounts available . 
The first thing I do every day , when I get up , is to prepare fantastic cappuccino with my coffe machine . 
During all the day I speak with the majority of my collegues by telephone or e-mail . 
If I have n't enough time to cook I prepare my meal using my fantastic microwave hoven . 
He started to consum the stuff at the age of twenty . 
He had problems at home because his mother wanted to settle down to Australia , but Peter was used to live in New York , overcrowded and surronded by people . 
When I become your 's advertisment concerning the show `` Over the Rainbow '' I thought that I 'll have a great evening , but unfortunatelly it was a big disappointment for me . 
First of all , Danny Brook - the main actor in this musical - was abbsend . 
You also offered discounts , whot kind of discounts ? 
I had not any money for travelling but my parents were able to give me them if I only had a concret plans . 
After one mounth I came home back and explained my parents how a lot of fun had I with my friends - I do n't know why I was such a lair . 
My parents belived my word 's untill my younger brother Pat told them the true . 
Last month I have been in London for a week to visit your wonderful city and with the intention of seeing at your Thetre the famous musical show Over the rainbow but in all my life I have never had such a disappointing evening . 
I had n't tought for a restaurant to go to after the show , because if the advertisement had been right , there should had to be a luxury restaurant where I could eat . 
Your Sinceraly 
The instractur opened the car and asked me to sit on the drivers sit . 
Then I drove very slowly very ofen crossing the white line on the road . 
I looked at the mirror and I saw how my friends were lauthing . 
Pat appologized me for not keeping the secrets . 
So I want you to send me some money back for that unpleasent night . 
We took some photos of him naked and told him not to tell this anybody because if he does we will hang the photos all arround the village . 
In my opinion , the clothes will be more colourful , funny and confortable . 
The porpouse of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical show `` Over the Rainbow '' , wich really disapointed me . 
First of all , there were no diccounts avaible as it said on the anouncement so I had to pay the original price wich was n't cheap at all . 
Then , I was forced to wait fourty five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 in stead of 19:30 and when it finally started , I was really disapointed to see that the actors were n't Danny and Tina as it said on the anouncement . 
How has modern technology afected my daily life ? 
Since the begining of human life , people have invented ways to make their life easier . 
I am writing to complan about your service . 
I knew that but I needed someone who could understent and support me at that moment . 
I told to her about my pregnency because she has friend who works in a hospital as a doctor . 
I asked her for hepl and she promised me do everythings what she can and keep my secret . 
I have come to watch the musical show called ` Over The Rainbow ' in the Circle Theatre . 
Your advertisement also failed to mention the fact that there was no discounts what so ever and finally , because of a shortage of staf , your restaurant was not available for us . 
I asked myself how I could be so stupied , telling her my secret after all I been going through to keep it to myself . 
Now I did n't need to go around and worring about it anymore . 
After the show , we expacted to eat something in your restaurant , but it closed ! 
Firstly I would lice to say that I am very dissappointed with the show and that I did n't have the perfect evening out , as you had advertised . 
Among all these the theatre restaurant was closed , because the shef and the waiters where on holiday . 
I was very dissappointed what else can I write . 
It was suppose to be my perfect everning out . 
In Conclusion I 'd like to recoment that you should , first , know what you have to offer and the advertising it . 
Yours sensirly 
I should n't have told her that my dad had physcological problems . 
All these years I believed that my father was killed in a car accitend . 
When , one day Pat came over to my house we started arguing about common things and in our fite suddenly came about the subject of my father and his problems . 
The secret was revilied . 
We can hardly imagine life without compures , T.V. 
At that time , I used to buy a lotery ticket once a week and I sometimes won small amounts . 
But Pat , coming back hom , told her mother everything . 
Secontly , the musical show began fourty-five minutes later and nobody explained me what was happened . 
You have an experience to know people and now you have an opportunaty to select good friends . 
I am writing to complain about the musical show , which gave me a very disappointing evening , while I was staying in London . 
Additionally , the advertisement said I can visit the threatre restaurant after the show . 
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrects . 
I told Pat everything even my secrects when we were still friendly . 
May be it was a wrong decision to tell her , she began to spread that secrect to everybody including the teachers . 
I 've been recently to one of yours musical shows called `` Over the rainbow '' in the Circle theatre in London thinking it might be a good idea but it was desappointing . 
To begin , the organitzation of your collegues of the theatre was awful becouse of diferents problems . 
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , so without want I knew that it was going to be a concert on owr city of , from my point of view , the best group of the world , Oasis . 
At first I got angry with Pat more than with the others friends of the group , becouse Pat was and is my best friend . 
The I realised that she got reason , I was irritated becouse my parent was going to divorce , but Pat would always be my best friend so I told her that I was n't angry with her and I was not going to go to the concert becouse I had to go to the court to solve my parent 's affair . 
When I was a university student , I had to find out some imformation about my homework . 
I have been imagining where another contries are like England . 
First of all , when I had bought the ticets it appeared that there is no discount available . 
Exacly on 15th June we were at the birthday party . 
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was stearing at us . 
I do n't want to be rude , but this is not proffessional at all . 
Lastly I would like to inform you that I wanted to have dinner at yor restaurant but they told me it was closed because it usually closes at 11:00 o'clock . 
Last week we had another demostration of this . 
I know that you have a big responsability but if you told something to people , do it . 
I have learned a lot with Internet , it gaves me the posibility to know more about things I 've never knew . 
Last weekend we diced to go to the bach with Pat and Nick -LRB- her boyfriend -RRB- . 
Lyter a long time walking we decided to return and how the weather was so hot we found a place to drink something . 
I like Danny Brook as an actor and when I read that he would be starring , I booked the ticket imagetly . 
I belong to this generation who had grown up with a lot of different technolgy . 
I tought I would never need a mobile phone , but my mum and dad gave me one for Christmas last year and now I ca n't live without it ! 
But the discovery that I 'm most thankful to is the computor and the Internet ! 
So , I start every day , swiching on my mobile phone , to see if there are any more SMS messages before I go to the library to check my e-mail and that 's just the begining of the day ... 
Peter and Sue asked to Francis some help for their exam 's subjets and Francis , for to help them , was very busy all the week . 
However , when I saw it , I was really disapointed and I ask you some money back . 
First of all , Danny Brook was not there , I was very upset because he is my favorite singer and it was one of the reasons why I wanted to see this show . 
On the developpement , they also said that they will be a discount for students who are between eighteen and twenty-five years old but it was totally wrong because I paid the full price which was £ 20 . 
Nowaday , modern technology is becomming very essential to our daily life . 
Without all this you life would definately change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago . 
On the other hand , the affects that it has on our daily life is not always good as sometime , the technology went wrong and out of hand of people who control it can cause disaster accidents , for example : plane crashes , trains crashed and explosion of nuclears bomb . 
If this continue to happen our life would be very misarable as accident happens all the time . 
On the other hand , the excess of comodity can led us , in the future , to a completely `` cold '' world , because of the distance between people that can be caused . 
So , we can be connected other people with a mobile phone no matter where you are and you can correspond to other contry people in real time by using internet . 
I refer to your advertisment in the Herald Tribune where you advertised for the Circle Theatre and the recent musical : Over the Rainbow . 
When we arrived at the theatre we had to realise that there were no discountable tickets available as mentioned in your advertisment so we had to buy the most expensive ones . 
I am looking forward to your promt reply . 
Today the fashion industrie has a great importance in the commercial market . 
During these past few decades , or rather , the 20th century , there has been a significant developement in modern technology . 
One of the essential developement is the form of transportation . 
Another significant technological developement is the creation of electrical appliances . 
The modern technology helps people in many ways and is indespensible . 
I 'm writing to you because of the musical show `` Over the rainbow '' , wich I visited on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre . 
Everybody was interested in what she had won but knowbody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told in a secret to them . 
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class , when she turned around a talking and wispering started . 
After that `` show '' we were starving and we had planned to eat in your theatre restaurand but what a surprise ! 
Let 's take the mobil phone . 
Nowadays everybody has got a phone which is `` mobil '' . 
I am writing to you because I am really dissapointed bout `` Over the Rainbow '' which I saw the other day in my stay in London which your company organized . 
Yours fainthfully 
He told me that it was nessary to do something about . 
I can say that I was very nervious or anxious about what was going to happen . 
My name is Joseph and I am writing this letter to complain about the mass that the adimnistration of the Circle theatre presented to me . 
However it 's just the begining of the problems we had . 
Expecting the britan pontuality we went to the theatre at 19:00 to wath the 19:30 section but it only starts at 20:15 , it finished later than it was suposed to and then we missed the train . 
In spite of this , less you can do for us is to give my money back and work hard so that this theater that is famouis about its beauty and pontuality do n't become famous about it desorganized shows . 
People have seen in the last 10 years how diferent our clothes had become to . 
Clothes that used to be made of coton , but nowadays we can see shirts , pants socks ... made of almost everything . 
Computers that make some little things for us nowadays , but at the speed at tecnology goes in the next century those clothes will tell our doctors our healt at any moment , any time , any where , people will be able to locate us arround the world . 
First of all when I paid my entrance they did n't acept me my discount ticket , they said me that the ticket was false , then I enter to the theatre and I had to wait 45 min , the show was suposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 , `` this is a lack of respect '' . 
Pat got very angree and sad . 
At the beginning Nick got angree but then he forgive him because they were friend and each of one can trust on the other . 
Nick told the situation to the class and ofered his house to do the party , because was very big , with large gardens and a big swimingpool . 
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show which the Circle Threatre has presented . 
I recently had a week 's holiday in London and during my stay I came to your threatre to see the `` Over the Rainbow '' . 
In the advertisment , I had read that Danny Brook was starring but she was not . 
I am from Brazil and I recently expent a holiday in London . 
As I got to the theatre I asked for the discounts shown in your advertisement , but they were not avaible . 
Even though I was still excited about the show , but then I sudently realise that Danny Brook is not performing , he had been replaced by an extremely disappointing actor . 
How has modern technology changed your daily lief . 
As I was so looking foreward to seeing Danny 's stage , I was very disappointed . 
Lastly , your theatre restaurant had been closed already when the show was finished , because the time of begining of the show was late . 
From my point of view , your organisation has to be careful to orginize an activity . 
It was unpleasent for me to see different actors on the stage . 
I am writing to you to say that it was a very disappointing evening . 
I went to buy the tickets but when I paid there was not any discount avaible . 
This was not the worst thing because when I arrived at the theatre I was waiting fourty five minutes because the show should start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 . 
The wendsday Pat phoned me and told me that Sally also love Paul . 
The weekend started and this Friday we went to the dyscoteque . 
When Sally came out the dyscotheque I was very nervous and I started to shout her . 
Your advertisement was excellent and it gave me a lot of enthousiasm . 
Second point , the musical show had to begin at 7:30 PM but we have waited for fourty five minutes to see the show started . 
This little paragraph shows that I depend of technology and , more over , because I 'm in an electronic eegenering school , I 'm keen on technology . 
I am writing to inform you about the differences between the advertisment and the real show . 
Then , as we were told that the show was begginning , the second shock of the evening faced us . 
At first my favourite actor Danny Brook did n't perform without any explictions , and the show should started at 19:30 instead of 20:15 !! 
I was sure that discouts were available because I have read it , but at the tickets office they did n't accept them . 
I have been waiting for 45 minuties . 
The most important development is the internet system which is connected to the whole world 's computers by some telephone liens . 
During my prior holiday in London I came across an encourageing advertisment for the show and decided to see it . 
Unfortunately , I was very dissappointed to find out that there were no discounts available ! 
In addition , I was very annoyed by the fact that the event had started at 20:15 - not 19:30 as mentioned in the advertisment . 
I 've always enjoyed the hazard and this time getting the password was , indeed , a tough coockie . 
But knowing what these people are capable of makes me doubt wether to use it or not . 
Especially now , when ` big-mouth ' Pat spread the news to litterally everyone . 
Secondly another ploblem was about the starting time , according to your advertisement the play starts at 19.30 and instead it started on 20:15 , this is about almost an hour delay . 
The simpliest example of modern high tech is the introduction of the computer - or better known as the P.C - . 
Reserches have shown that almost every single house owns a P.C. 
Other examples that may not look like huge technological miracles are the T.V , the microwave , the video the satelite , the cd player and hundreds of others . 
All thease play a serious role in our daily life with out ever understanding it . 
Last Sanday my friends and I saw that advertisement about the theatre you were supposed to present . 
We went there on time . 
Pat my sister and I felt very rensposible . 
IN CONCLUSION , I REALLY BELIEVE THAT OUR DAILY LIFE IS VERY DIFFERENT THAN IT WAS IN THE LAST CENTURY AND EVEN IN THE BEGGINING OF THIS CENTURY . 
When I was a yong child , I used to be interested in reading a scientific fiction . 
Secondly , the show had to begin at 19.30 pm , in fact he began at 20.15 pm and that without any explainations ! 
Another thing that has changed my daily life is the mobil phone . 
I am therefor writing to ask for a full refund 
Maria was still a little bit chocked over the naus of having a baby . 
Other thing is that in the ticket apears that discounts were available but when I asked for it , there was no one . 
She enjoyed sharing everthing with Pat whatever what it was . 
This let Nick very embrassed and got hurt . 
I have visited your theater and I was very dissapointed because of the number of reasons . 
I 've read your advertisment and in reality to what was written there was different . 
There was no Danny Brook but instead of him was a different actor and I 'm very dissapointed about it because I 'm his fan . 
There were no discounts availible so I overspended the money . 
Everything was going perfectly befor last month when I met a girl from the other school . 
So one day she offered to me to come to her house at night and to do so I had to run away from our boarding house and that was illigal . 
So I woke up at 2 o'clock in the morning and climed out of the window . 
Modern technology ca n't not transforme our daily life . 
Sometimes , computer substitudes real relationships between people . 
I write a letter to complain about your advertisement about the musical show `` over the rainbow '' , wich is misleading in a number of way . 
Sweating and affraid I waited out side the director 's office the following day . 
Tairs ran down my face as I admitted having stolen . 
In order to the times , the show was supposed to start at 19.30 and it started at 20.15 , nobody likes to wait 45 minutes just watching empty scenary . 
I am writing to express my dissapointment about the play `` over the rainbow '' which is performing at Circle Theatre . 
Finally , when I asked about the discounts , an agressive employee refused to answer me . 
Defineteley , I want my money back as soon as possible . 
`` Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets . '' 
So , I told Pat that Lynne was ugly , fat like a cow , and extremely agressive . 
According to your advertisement , it stars DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE , but surprisinggly , it was proformed by a different actor who I even did n't know the name . 
Nowadays , we use a lot of modern technology both at home and office but it has its aventage and disaventage . 
It is believed that our life style has been changed by mordern technology such as computers and washing machine etc. . 
First of all , dishwashers are very effecient for me because I work full time and look after my children . 
In my opinion , the morden technology make our life style combinient . 
I have got a few things to complain about your theart . 
I deciced to go and visit your theatre restaurant , But I went there and it is closed for some reasons . 
For example , before people have to walk from a place to the other , but now we can use sciene and technology to produce a lot of petrel transport and we can transport with them faster . 
Two days ago her best friend Maria told her that her parents were going to devorce , Maria was so upset that she could n't keep it herself . 
They could not believ their eyes . 
She went to skool , but she could not pick the material up as easy as she used to . 
First , I am very dissapointed with the starring . 
To begin with , it was not Danny Book who acting in the show , as you wrotte . 
And then about the tickets , you wrotte that they were discounts available but they were not . 
Finaly when we had seen the Musical , we went to the restaurant and it was closed because they done some dekoreting , and you wrott in your advertisement `` Visit our theatre restaurant after the show '' 
Clothes is very interesting subjekt to study . 
It took quite long time to adjust in the multi culture in the language institue . 
Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together in weekend usally . 
We had a fantastic time together for three monthes . 
Now I only used to push a button , and things or mashines work on their own . 
Homework is easer to find in the cumputer than in a book sometimes . 
Moreover , the theatre restaurant was closed because of the equipment mentenance . 
in addittion , I could go tot Britain to see her by plane . 
I would like to apologise you for my controversary opinnion but I feel really disappointed . 
The main adventage is that , it provides you all the informations that you need . 
I told myself , I could eat over there and maybe spend a better evening than at the begining but I was n't lucky because the restaurant was closed ! 
From the begining of the century to now , modern technology has changed and has made our daily life easier . 
Indeed , the modernism helps us to lead a confortable and better life than before . 
Also , the times printed on your advertisment was 14.30 and 19:30 . 
On your advertisment , it said that discounts were available for the tickets . 
I was rather thirsty and hungry after the show and on your advertisment , it made a cup of tea and some cakes in your restaurant sound rather inviting . 
It was not my ` perfect evening out ' , as your advertisment said it would be , and I would like some refund back . 
When I came home from school one day , I received a phone call from Pat 's mum , and in a voice chocked with tears she told me that Pat had died in an accident . 
All those innacuracies spoilt what should have been a memoriable evening so I would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket . 
I saw your advertisment of your show in the circle theatre , over the rainbow . 
Also was written in the advertisment that some discounts were available , but there was n't discounts . 
I was expecting a lovely and perfect evening out but it was the most disapointed experience I have ever passed . 
When I wake up I take a shower using eletricity then I prepare my breakfast in the oven then I go to school by bus , when I arrive at home I put my lunch in the microwave than I watch t.v. 
About a millenium ago every thing was different the people did n't have electricity , they did their food on the fire and they did n't have pens . 
Nowadays , the Internet and the mobile phone with the developpment of satellite seem to take the lead . 
As far as I am concerned , the first way modern technology influence me is in my work : the internet has become such an incredible tool , I can make research about everything I want , find informations for lectures for example or exercices . 
So , unfortunately , I must say that last night was one of the worst nights I ever had , and given the reasons , I expect to count with your sense of responsability , so , I feel that I must ask for my 20 pounds spent on that terrible night . 
Also , with today 's machines , factories have significantly increased their production , what brings progress to humanity , but also , with the continous replacement of men by machines , the unemployment is increasing too , and today , it worries every single citizen of the world , specially the ones who lives in third world country . 
Can you imagene friday night . 
All day you had worked hard , on the way home you want to pick up some milk from shop you have to waite on avarage ten minute . 
Do I have to take with me my tennis raquet and my golf bag ? 
I would be very thankful to recieve answers to my questions . 
I 'm very please to recived these prize . 
Filming about life at school mean filming students acts and behaveare . 
It is very interesting and fun with the experement . 
Lot and lot of experements which give out quit an interest and amazing results and I think Science is very useful in life . 
We can see a lot of interest faces on the students wile we filming them . 
I am writing to thank for noticing me about the competition and I would be very grateful in giving to you the information was requiered in your letter . 
About the Accommodation I would like you to take careful consideration that I am ashmatic so , I would appreciatte it if you could reserve a bed in log cabins . 
If you had this oportunitty one day , you had better buy the ticket to the concert or just watch it on TV but never do something like just to get a free pass . 
I 'm fine and I writting you because I know that you want to know my experience at a pop concert ; I have to tell you that I did to help there and was a very hard work you ca n't imagin all the work that mean to prepare a concert . 
I HAVE NEVER BEEN IN SUCH A CAMP BEFORE AND SO I 'M LOOKING FORWART TO SPENDING TWO WEEKS THERE . 
IN JULY WE HAVE GOT LOW SEASON AND IT WILL BE EASIER TO GO THEN ON HOLLYDAY . 
TO BE IN A STAFF TEAM WOULD BE WONDERFUL , I THOUGTH . 
AS YOU KNOW I WROTE TO THAT ORGANISATION WHO IS ALWAYS RESPONSBLE FOR BIG EVENTS . 
ALL FROM THE STAFF TEAM AND THE ORGANISATION SPOK ABOUT THE RULES AND HOW TO SAVE PEOPLE . 
AFTER THE MEETING WE RECIEVED ALL THE SAME CLOTHES . 
WE WERE A GROUPE ! 
THE CONCERT WAS VERRY LOUD AND LONG BUT WE DID N'T HAVE TO WORK HARD . 
GREATING AND HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON 
Secoundly , I would be very grateful if you can accommodate me in tents rather than long cabins . 
Now I study and I 'll continue my study untill the end of June . 
I think it 's very usefull and helpful thing for my health especially when I do it with pleasure . 
The second my favorit sport is tennis . 
On accound to stay in log cabins are as much more interesting than in tents . 
which include the english song and the japenese song , and I have part-time job for sining at restaurant . 
Shopping is not always enjoyable , sometimes have a long quare or a mechine was broken . 
And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afteroon . 
For the accomodation , if is possible I would like to stay in camping because I think is a relaxing place where to stay . 
The opposite situation is when I pass my exams and I really need to buy something for me as a preseant for myself . 
I will also appreciate , if you would offer me accomodation in a log cabin , because of some health problems that I have , which are not allow me to leave outsid on the ground , and to be honest with you , I never liked camping . 
I am not goot at both of them . 
Last but not least there are some things I would like to know : What kind of wheather do you have in California ? 
That means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores , where noone has time for you to show you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for me , no one to talk to and noone to complaine . 
It was a nightmare there were pickpokets in the shop . 
As soon as possible I phoned to my bank for cancelation of my credit card but they had already used it . 
Thuesday 13th June 2000 
We should n't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college , especially when we take into our consideration the fact that it is in the city of Shakespear . 
It would be a fun experiance ! 
Women , in perticular , have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see . 
Shopping for them is a very long and tiring experiance . 
I 'm not quite a young man and during the past years of my life I gothave become accostomed to some more comfort . 
Anyway , I really enjoyed helpying at a pop concert last month so that I 'd like to write them down ! 
Anyway , by the time we finished everything , thusands of funs came in this concert hall . 
I recived your letter and I 'm very happy because I did n't expect it , so first of all I want you know that I really fancy going at Camp California in the U.S.A during two weeks , and specially because I 've never been in this country . 
Finally I want to find out about if is any supermarket near the camping and if there are any facilities in washing my clotches into the camp . 
I look forward to reciving a reply from you . 
The concert was in the University in the middle of the field and at the begining when we arrived there were n't many people , only those who had to prepare the stage and the sound and of course us who had the job of serving drinks during the concert . 
We arrived quite soon because we had to organise how we went to serve people did with which order , so we started putting all the stuff in appropiate place . 
I was very nervous because I 'd never been in a concert before and an hour before everything stated the singer and the musicians were there and I could n't avoid it and I started crying - you can imagine , they were so handsome that I could n't belive it - I tried to calm down because I had to work , and later I began feeling more comfortable and when the concert started everything was such exciting that the time ran very fast - although I was working - and it was like a dream . 
Second , regarding accomodation , I 'd like to stay in a log cabin . 
I recieved your congratulations letter for having won the first prize in your competition . 
Appart from calling them , I also helped building up the stage , and took care of the lights . 
About the activities that I can do at the camp , I chose to practise Basketball , which is my favourite sport , because I want to do some excersise while I am on vacation . 
I also chose Fotography because it is one of my hobbies . 
I have just receised your letter and I thanck you for your invitation and congratulations . 
I have given a questionnaire to other students of my class to know their preferences about this choise and we all believe that the first lesson that should be filmed is Philosophy . 
The reason is that all students are interested in it and the teacher is so good in explaing problems that the whole class takes part in discussions about specific aspects of the subject . 
Also the dancing lessons should be filmed , specially for the fascinating beauty of the girls and the elegance of their moviments . 
Dear Madame , 
About , when I would like to travel I think that my answer will be easy for you , because , I have two months off those are July and August so , my travel should be in between , my accomodation I would like to stay in tent because I remember my holidays in the south of Peru , long time ago , it was wonderful . 
If it possible for you to help me in some doubts I have , I 'll be really greatful . 
Your faitfull . 
First at all , I 'll tell you that in the day concert I woke up at 6:30 A.M , very early for me , you know me I 'm lazzy , the work began around 8:30 , was very hard but when the band come for training , since this moment I was enjoining to work until the concert had finished , the atmosphere was wonderful , the musicians were very kind with every one who was working because they understood that a concert is a job to be done by a team . 
My tasks were very especifics . 
At the begining I would like to thank you . 
Finally what kind of wheather is waiting for us ? 
In addition I checked the e-mail dialy and answered the phone . 
Secondly , for accomodation , I prefer to say in log cabins , as I have no experience staying in a tent , I hesitate to try . 
Finally , I would like to ask you wheather anything I should bring to this travel such as specific clothes , extra money etc. . 
It was a privelage to help at a pop concert . 
My dear friend , if I tell you this , I am sure you will get jelous . 
First , most part of shoping centres uses artificial illumination and refiguration , which are bad for our health . 
RECOMMONDATIONS 
I think this topic is so exciting in the antropological and psicological point of view , because we can studie the reaction before , during and after to shopping . 
I 'm writing back to answer the questions that you send me in the past letter , so refering to the question of when I would like to travel , I would like to go anytime during july , because I have to be in august back home , because I need to apply and get everithing sortted out , to go into college next september . 
And according to the question of wich type of accommodation I prefer , I choose a log cabin , because I think that the tent is more messy , so I would appreciate if you give me the cabin . 
And my answer to the question of wich activities I would like to choose , well I choose swimming cause is my daily excercise and surfing . 
Well here in Dublin things still the same , but I think somebody told you that I went to the moby concert here at the point wich is the big theatre for events and concerts , I guess it was the best concert I 've ever been to , but the coolest thing is that , well do you remember my friend Luke , the one that works as a security guard , well he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage , so I went to help them and everithing else , and when I get into the point , do you who was there ? 
I would like to travel only July because I would be in schools holydays and the weather is hot and the sea 's temperature is less cold than in winter . 
It looks fragil and it could break easily . 
Fist of all , it would be a good thing to say that July would be the best time to travel because it is hotest mounth in the year , and the weather shall be really nice . 
The aim of this report is to suggest wich lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
I would like to travel on july because I am a studant therefore I only have holidays in this part of the year . 
About the acomodations I would like to stay in a log cabin because I am used to stay in it when I travel . 
Sometimes , shopping can be really bore especially in important dates when the shop are absolutaly crowded and you ca n't see somethings as you wanted with carefull . 
I would preffer travelling in July , I have only these time , because my summer holidays during these days . 
It is really fasinating to challenge waves . 
A few minutes after the concert began , a backstage assistant called in sick who was responsible for checking wether everything is going well according to the timetable , if something comes up , she should inform other staff . 
Secondly , although the long cabins appeal to me , I would prefer the tents because I think it is more comfortable and atractive . 
Nowadays most of the people are atractted by shopping centers , which is not always enjoyable . 
Since I have studied photography for several years , I would like to take some picture of beautiful scenaries in California . 
Your visit to the shop conludes in a long queue to the checkout -LRB- where you can easily spend another 30 minutes -RRB- where they will suck out some money from your account . 
When you ask to , the seller offen answers that your size is missing . 
ANSWERIN TO ANOTHER OF YOUR QUESTIONS , I ' PREFER TO HAVE ACCOMODATION ON LOG CABINS , BECAUSE OF MY COLUMN PROBLEM WHICH DO N'T LET ME SLEEP ON THE GROUND -LRB- OR ON A SLEEPING BAG -RRB- . 
I USUALLY SWIM THREE TIMES A WEEK IN ORDER TO MANTEIN A COLUMN TREATMENT WHICH MY DOCTOR HAVE RECOMMENDED ME TO DO . 
SO , AND IF IT POSSIBLE , I WAS INTERESTED ON THE POSSIBILITY OF COVER MY ROUTIN THERE . 
LASTLY , I WOULD LIKE YOU TO TELL ME IF I HAD TO CARRY SOME MONEY WITH ME TO BUY FOOD OR DRINKS AND HOW THE CLIMATE OF THE CAMPING AREA IS FOR PREPAIRING MY LUGGAGE PUTTING ONLY THE APROPPIATES CLOTHES . 
In fact when I do n't feel very happy I decide to do shopping to try to cher myself up . 
I would be greatful if you could send me the full details . 
In the following paragraps I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages about shopping . 
In suppermarket , shop , department store have many things . 
Most people enjoy shopping because it more convenien for today but if you found the busy place for shopping or it is not as good as you expect . 
About the accomodation , I would prefer a log cabin , I think that will be more safety about all my stuff . 
I really enjoyed to be next to the pop stars I got a lot of autographes , that was the first time I 've seen like Jagger a lot of well know pop stars was there . 
I mean It 's still inbelivable , can you imagine that was like a dream I was checking their hands . 
I must say though , I would have to travel on July because it 's the summer holydays for schools and I would like to spend some of them in California and visit a few friend if it is possible . 
Log cabines will be ideal accomodation , presumably they are more spacious than tent and it would be easier to keep tidy . 
I know it sound extremely boring and that is exactly what I thought when I was asked to help , but to my suprise it turned out to be much more fun that expected . 
In order to celebrate the 125 aniversary of the city , the Coun Council organised an open air concert . 
Looking forward to your repply . 
It was such a wonderful experiece ! 
When Jane asked me to help her with the organisation of the publicity and specially with the inverviews , I just could n't believe it . 
yet , it was an incredible satisfation when everything finished just fine ! 
I appriciated to this big news . 
Therefore , I hope that you could make suitable arguement between you and me . 
Esepically , it is really good for my healthy during the growth period . 
There are more and more retailors are opening to customer . 
Last month I enjoyed a lot to help at a pop concert , really it was a very intresting experience , particularly to had deal with a young group of children from Latin America . 
It is increible !! 
good bye ? 
So if it 's possible could you arrenge it for me please . 
And also , I would prefer the log cabins to the tents otherwise I have never slept in the sleepin bag before . 
All of her funs were stooud up the whole concert and dancing . 
It was begining of this summer . 
Howeve , we decided to have the job , because of good money . 
Howeve it was great job I have n't hade such experience . 
My job just prepear drink for them . 
Shopping is not always enjeyable . 
Secondly , you have a lot of choises and you do not know which one to buy . 
Lastly , there is a recyling problem which many people do not care about . 
In my opinion , small and the markets outsides should be supported , on the other hand the big supermarkets should think more about the recyling problem , which will be the most important problem in the near future . 
I have recived your exiting letter , informing me that I have won two weeks at Camp California in the USA . 
So one week befor the concert I went at `` L'Arena '' to meet the other worker and receive the instructions . 
Quess what I 've done ! 
The preperation days came . 
I had a chance to talk to them about their jobs and it was amuzing ! 
I 'm used to sleep in tent from my previous holidays and I always injoyed it . 
I actually injoyed it working there and I would n't hesitate to work there again . 
First of all we usually go to the shops at the same time than the rest of the world and that 's a little bit complicated because the shops are fulled and it 's impossible to try acurately . 
I would like to ask whather you have competitions or different activities ? 
Do you reccomend me to take only summer clothes or some winter clothes as well ? 
About accomodation in tents or log cabins , I would enjoy much more being in tents as I believe is the right type of accomodation for going camping ? 
Men tease women as being shop-cravers and for having shopping as the nicest passtime . 
The last thing I would like to know is which clothes do I have to take , even though the weathe in July will be good . 
So , let 's imagen that your credit card is not working , or some one stold your cash from your pocket . 
Staying in a que or croude is also unplesent . 
The opening time recording the students while they meet outside the school and come in could be a good begining . 
Why do n't include some sports , for example , voleyball ? 
I would be grateful if you could put me into the tent side of accomodation because I have had all holidays with my parents in luxury hotels before . 
I am a good swimmer and also well at golf -LRB- handicap twelve -RRB- I took a certificate as Teachear in both of them six years ago before I went to `` CROARA GOLF '' in Milan where I organised evening 's entertainment for customers . 
I hope that you can let me know , before I will live , how many degrees there will be so that I can not make a mistake choosing my clothes and how much aproximately I will spend in money . 
First of all , I belive that if someone has time to go to the shop has the possibility . 
I sould be grateful if you would send me further information that I asked and I look forward to hearing from you soon . 
I hope all my wishes are realizeable . 
I ` am very serpride when I get the letter from you . 
And heard that I have win the prise . 
Goging on a camp California in the U.S.A. 
And you need some imformation from me . 
And in the letter that you send to me also whant 's me to choose two activities to do while I was at the camp . 
I love to try surfing because it is a very interessting sport and use a lot of power and enigy so now is the end of the letter . 
Now let 's start whith shopping at Beverley Center . 
Because every one have different thinking like beverley center if you there every day or every week for a shopping you well get very boring because some time is to much people every where like in the resturant and shops . 
And if you never know money or you have less money shopping is not enjoyable for you I ` am choue . 
Because all the smell in the market is alfrell is the smell of the meat and durty water black and smely water all over the market street . 
Subject : The lessons should be filmed 
Basketball is the most popular activity , whick takes place between 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm from Monday to Friday every week . 
I prefer to staying in cabin because never before I when on holidays in tent. , so I think is more corfotabel to sleep in bet instand of outside in tent . 
I also Want to Know if I should take any Money , or if all the expences are payed by You . 
Especially , I liked cleaning the stage , because I could stand a famouse singer 's stage and I could feel his enthusiasm , even though I had to clean it . 
I apreicate it and I thank you a lot that you have chosen me as a winner . 
I acxepted it and I want to inform you that I can travel only on July because I have booked my anual leave that period . 
I helped them to prepare the room for the bads and I decorated the place for the singers . 
It was a quite difficult assiment but I got very good experience . 
The audients was excited and I can not discribe my happyness . 
I am writing to give you futher information about me which you need about Camp California . 
`` Shopping is not always enjoyable '' 
In Conclusion shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too buzy . 
I 'm very happy that I won first prize in your competion . 
I can come to USA on July becouse on August I will be working with my father . 
You offer a great veriety of activities . 
I have qustions to . 
Shoping is not always enjoyable . 
People alwas queued for stuff from west . 
Nowadays we have capitalism , free market lots of privete shops , markets and super-markets . 
In this letter you ask me some further information for my conveniance for this trip . 
Finally could you please tell me wich kind of clothes shall I take with me and if the camping furnitures are provided . 
I look forward to earing from you soon and if you could send me a brochure of this holiday I would be grateful . 
I am writing in reply to your letter in wich you told me I won the first prize . 
On the other hand I would like to request all details of accommodation and if you could specifie what this trip includes , since I need to know how much money I have to take . 
The place we worked was a football pitch ; we spent 3 days on setting up the stage , the equitment , and the lights . 
But at the brakes and after work , I had a chance to talk with the engieners , and I leant something about setting up the equitment . 
I stood at the entry and theire I had to check the tickets . 
My second task was that I had to look in all the bags of the fans to collect `` dangerous '' items , I saw really funny things like teeth-bruches in the bags . 
I would prefer to travel only in July , because I have not to work and because I would prefer to have accomodation in tent and so I think that july is the best period to spend two weeks in tent . 
I would like to travel at the beginning of the month , could be between first and fifteeth of july , because afterwards I have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip . 
Although I like camping and sharing with different kind of people , I 'd prefer a confortable and private place -LRB- if it 's possible -RRB- where I can sleep , or be quiet . 
I was running all the show , my responsability was to get dress her . 
About the accomodation , I would be pleased to stay in a tent , because this reminds me the holidays with my family . 
You are interessted on my last job ! 
In addition , it was a nine days hard work to mount all the different spot and houndreds of Coblights on the right place . 
Finally , we had worked the hohl night befor the concert . 
I am writing to you to give some requiered information . 
For the two activities I have to choose , I decided to choose a new activitie that I have never done before , which is Sailing , so I am a totally begginer at this . 
I helped them organizing the stage , cleaning everything , fixing what was broken and they even let me play with their guittars ! 
Are they inclued in the prize ? 
In my opininion this book ` The Old Man and the sea ' is the best book which Ernest Hemingway had writen . 
Thise book is about men who know that he will die soon , he know that he did n't made his dream coom tru . 
This is just a note to confirme you , what I had recive your letter . 
I 'm thinking do shopping in the big spaise like Harrodss it 's not plesure . 
I would prefer to stay in a tent to a cabin Because it is something I feel mores familia I used to go camping with my family every summer . 
Sometime you can stay all day out just to buy a present for someone , it stard in the morning , and of course you have the breakfast somewhere , and it get later and you still looking for it so you have the lunch , so finaly you spent more money than you thought 
First of all , I would like to travel only in the month of July , because during the month of June , I 'm going to work and in September I have to study a lot , because school will start . 
For exemple , if the shop is full of people , is not enjoyable , because they will create too confusion , too noise with the risk of leaving time . 
People are often nervous and agressive . 
Introduction : The aim of this report is to summerize the suitable lessons and activities be filmed . 
Conclution 
Going for shopping is a good thing when you do n't know what to do but it has also many disavantages . 
I 'm excited to go on holliday there and thanks to you , I will realize a dream that I always wanted to do . 
I am keen on singing and I have won sevral singing competitions at school . 
When I first entred the concert hall , I was given a pass for working here . 
I am not just to sleeping in an tent and I think it mabey ruen my holiday . 
I 'm doing great esspecially after my experience with helping at pop concert . 
There are huge queus to tills , noise , hussle , poor custumer service . 
Dear Madame , 
In the following you can find , I hope , call the information you need to complete the partecipation procedure . 
If possible , the accomodation I prefer is in tent . 
I will be very glad to partecipate to your camp ! 
Yours faightfully 
I would like to do photografy and swimming . 
I love to take photos but I do n't have techinique . 
Of course it is good to buy things for ourselves , like clothes , jewelery , anything . 
When you buy something you were looking for a long time and , when you arrive at home , you discover some deffect on it and have to go back to the store to complain . 
A math lesson , an english lesson , a swimingpool lesson , the break and the staff room . 
- In the swimingpool we could been in the water and doing a party of water-polo and then Allan could done acrobatics stands , because he make competitions . 
for exemple students who play football or volleyball . 
For the accomodation at Camp California , I will prefer to have a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent , and in case it has a big storm with a heavy rain it 's more resistant than a tent . 
For the activities , I chose climbing because I took cours during 2 weeks last year and now I have a good level , for the other one I chose photography but I am not a proffesional , I just take some pictures in my holiday ! 
The next weekend I have an appointment with one them , but I do n't tell you the name because you 'll fell jalous ! 
Our engineer school is specealized in mecanics and thermodynamics . 
First , we could film fluid mecanics lessons and general mecanics lessons . 
I would like to ask you for vegetarian food for me as I am a very extrict vegan , and to suggest me what kind of clothes to bring . 
In a nutchel I think Maths , basketball , Speech and Drama , and History should be filmed . 
The activities are quite hard to choose really , because you have a lot of chose which is I like . 
Here have some questions which I would like to ask , what kind of clothes sould I need ? 
As far as accomodation is concerned I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable , and , therefore , I have never stayed in a tent . 
Last week I recived your letter in wich you told me that I won first prize . 
We are going to do a video about daily life at school , the following classes are the ones I recomend to film . 
Those three classes are my choises , I hope we could do them and make a very good video about our school . 
I am not very good painting , but I like it because is a good oportunity to practice it . 
I do n't want to dissapoint you , but I am beginner ! 
In this book , Heathcliff as a child had n't a bad character but the situations lived with the family Earnshaw , where the grown up , made him rude , agresive and noisy . 
Before Heathcliff died he riched what he wanted . 
First of all , I would like to travel in July because this is the beggining of my holidays , and I would not like to miss some of my school classes . 
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you communicate I have won first prize in your competion . 
I would prefer an accomodation in log cabins because I am not keen on tents and I think that a log cabin is more comfortable than a tent . 
Lastly , can you please tell me how much money would be appropiet to take ? 
At the end of the concert , when it was after midnight and everyone had alread left , the group came up to each of us -LRB- who helped out -RRB- and thanked us personally ! 
He had a puncture wheel and he did n't know how to repeared then I chanced the wheel and during this time he was asking me for my hobbies , studies , everything . 
My friend offered me a job as a member of techical staff on Sting 's concert . 
We 've built it using ready metal and wodden parts . 
I 've recived your letter and I am pleased to have won because I needed some days to relax myself and to leave the city , which is very extressing . 
I only can travel on July because I am working in an office and I must ask my boss for a holiday and it 's the mounth he can give me , so I hope it is n't a problem for you . 
To spend the two weeks I would prefer to live in tents , that 's in my opinion a way to be nearer the enviroment and the animals , although I do n't mind living in log cabins . 
Othrewise , there are people who think the opposite ; such as : children , teenagers , men ; but not always , because they go to buy hardly ever , only when they need clothes or something for their job or school . 
To sum up , all you make in small cuantities is good and funny , but do n't encrease them if you do n't want to feel uncomfortable . 
In your letter you ask me to choose beetween tents or log cabins , well I prefer to stay in a log cabin . 
It is more confortable and I am afraid about wild animals . 
The other activity I like very muche is swimming . 
We first had to prapare the stands with food and drinks and buy something which had been forgotten . 
He is very beatiful ! 
I was very proude of me and the work I had done . 
Firstly , I should say that I would like to travel in July because of this is the month wich I could more likely have off at work for going on holiday . 
My job it was to accomodate to the people of the main sit of the theathre . 
I am really glad for reciving the first priec in your competition , I will be very plesant joining the holliday . 
I had only to stay behind the drummer suppling them with water whenever they wanted . 
I had a really nice time with them even tought I would 've prefered to stay at the front with the others people , but anyway it was a great experience for me , I holp to be able to help them next year . 
I holp you 've enjoed my experience , and I hope to hear from you soon . 
At the begining I would like to thank You for Your letter - it pleased me much . 
If we are talking about accomodation then accomodation in tents would be great - I love being close to the nature . 
Unconected part of every people lifes is shopping . 
As a teenager I must addmit that there is nothing more enjoyable from shopping . 
It 's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like flaing . 
Choosing gave me such big pleasure because I never have to worry from vere do I take money for my wishes . 
It 's hard for me even to emagine the situation when shopping is not enjoyable . 
Probably it is one of the moments when you want something baddly and you ca n't have it . 
I can be more next nuture and I have never used tents before . 
My hands were sclumbling but I did it very well . 
I would like to travel in July because I have to go back to my country in Auguest . 
I sort of felt , like I had done my part to make the concert a sucess . 
I have just recived your letter and I 'm very happy for it , especially becouse the competition was so hard . 
However , about accommodation , I 'd prefer a log cabin , becouse it is more confortable than the tent . 
Firstly , I was very embaracing during the concert , but all the staff were very kindly with me and Tom too . 
According to your letter , I am writing to infrom you about the information you need to know for my trip two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. 
I am very excited and looking forward to the new experiance I am going to have . 
I would prefer to stay in tents because I love atmosephere of camping , but I would n't mind to stay in log cabins . 
The aim of this report is describ and assess lesson and activities should be filmed in a short video . 
I was greatful to hearing about I have won first prize in competition . 
And according to the interviews , the most interesting class is the `` upper intermidiate '' class . 
The point of `` upper intermidiate class '' . 
I would prefer to be accomodated in tents because I love camping but I do n't mind also the second possibility . 
Interesting will be to show how the lessons are organize , saing that we are never doing just one activitie during the class . 
After that we have to make sure that we explain how is it the relationship betwen teachers and students , showing the several time that we have been out together . 
Finaly we should give some information also about our courses concerning tourism , buisness and computer . 
I might say that I am really good at swimming and sailling because I have been joining these kinds of activities for five year and I had really good training about sea-sports . 
As you know I 'd never been to any activities like to be a valunteer before . 
The concert tickets were very expensive and I 'd seen an adversitement on the tv . 
It said , `` be a valunteer for our concert and get a free ticket '' . 
Dear Mz . 
Thank you for your letter and I am very pleased that I won the first prize in your compition . 
In addition to all this , I would appriciate it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much I shall be paid for the travel . 
Another reason is that it will be more useful for forigen students who want to speak English . 
Dear Sir / Madame , 
Today a recived your letter , it is the most wonderful news I here in a long time . 
I am so please that I won this prize , that I can not explain how greateful I am . 
I wase n't expecting this prize because was to good to be true . 
When I was a child I never like to go shopping because my Mum spend so much time on the shops that I remember going shopping with her , was a nigthmare . 
It is ameaising how people change during the years , for example now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things , and every week I have to buy something . 
But in this days shopping is not always enjoyable , because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer and you pay full price , on the end of the season it is half price , I find very anfair for people who pay a lot of money on their clothes . 
So buying things neccessary is fine I think . 
I would like to ask you some questions : Could you tell me what kind of clothes would be addecuate for these two weeks ? 
The most exhiting thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert , and we went to the Highlands to spend the whole day . 
That was fantactic ! 
If you have never been there , I enormous recemmend you to go . 
I am especially glad about the activities offers , in particular the sports facilities because I was spezialised in sport for my A-levels and intend to become a sport teacher . 
I would be most greatful if you could let me know some information : 
- Are there leisure and intertainments facilities close to the camp ? 
Attituds to the video about life at our school 
The aim of this report is to summarize the pupil 's attituds about video they have to be made and to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
He also gave me his adress and telephone number if I need help from him in the future . 
Second of all , I would prefer to stay in log cabins to staying in tents , since I have had a horrible experience being attaked by a herd of midges , when I camped out . 
According to statistics based on the questionnair , the majority of students feel the most enthusiasm for an English class . 
Dir Madam ! 
I 'll give you nessesserly information about me . 
The most suitable time for me is Jule because in August I intend to go in the countryside , where I have a small farm . 
You ofer me a lot of activities . 
It was absolutlly great ! 
I gave information about correct ways to another places like tooletes and medical points . 
Hellow ! 
Now let me tell you about my sports preferances . 
I have chosen them because I am candidat to masters of sports in water polo . 
Yours scinerly 
In our lyceum we have listem of `` double lessons '' . 
It means that every day exept Sunday we have four lessons and each of the lessons lasts for hour and a half and it means `` double lesson '' . 
I think that is more convinient than seven lessons every day and each of the lessons lasts fourty five minutes . 
and with the tent i can go to enougher place of the camp . 
and i 'm like painting because i like to paint the nature , sea , moutains . 
i whant to know some questions about it . 
i 'm realy lookind forward for your answers . 
yours sencerely Gubin . 
i 'm absolutly agree with it . 
Because i have my own expirience of shopping . 
For exsample resently i was shopping at the market , which located in the center of our town . 
This is a good oppertunate to see how they learn in class . 
In conclusion , besides all mentioned , I highly recommond you video students ' daily life and interview them . 
Furthermore , you asked me to choise two activities I would like to do . 
My school starts a summer holyday from 1st July and I am going to take a summer course from August . 
They can refresh , reduce ther stress and they are happy when they find the thing which they wanted . 
Shopping is not always enjoyable 
Besides , I really would like to know , approxiametely how much money should I take with me ? 
I am looking fordward to hearing from you . 
The problem was that one of the technics was from England and nobody there spoke nor a word in English so I was asked to be the interpreter . 
I 'm looking fordward to hearing from you . 
Well my friend , I have to go , because I got an appoinment with the Dentist . 
If you have to go shopping again , because the fridge is empty or you need some new clothes , a lot of time , patience and straingth are needed . 
I 'm pleaseant to win the first prize in your competition - two weeks at Camp California in the USA . 
When they 've finished singing the last song I was surprice when they called me up on the stage and said thank you to me in front of hundreds of people . 
I am writing to answer your letter , which I have recieved yesterday . 
When I was 15 , I was starting to look for new clothes , shoes , and everything I could find now unneccessary . 
I 'm not dare to culculate how much I have spent for those things without thinking . 
Now I will give you the further information : I have to travel in July because I had to make sure that I can have holiday this year and it is the only possebility ! 
We have recently had a discussion in our class about this statement , we have had a great argueing . 
She also told me that she have some conections with the people in charge of the lights of the concert . 
My Russian friend ivited me to set up a new exiting business . 
First of all , in order of our firm purpose I wrote an inventation to my favorite idol - a poet and a singer Boris Grebenchekoff . 
His one-week concert programme was so succsessful that we decided to invite him else , as soon as tickets would be sold . 
I had a nice expirience as manager too . 
I would like to be a professional in this stage , yeas . 
I have just recieved the letter , which lets me know that I have won the first prize . 
Because I intend to take examination in Septenber . 
I know that staying in a log cabin is more convinient but I just want to feel wilder experience . 
And I want to know how much money I have to carry for personnal expences . 
What 's more , your letter said about the chance to do for two acctivities during the camp . 
I have even won competion once . 
When discribing the advantages , we should remember that most people like doing shopping . 
I am really surprise for the information because I won , and I like to tell you thank you for everyting this is why I wrote and send this letter with the information you need , only I can travel in July because it is the only time with I can do it before for my work , really I do not care which accommodation will I can have , I am prefer the accommodation in July I will be avaliabel for the moment , I am really apreciated if you can tell to the people who work in Camp California , I choose the Golf and Photography because I think I am really interesting in that object I am no really really good but I have some of studies . 
I like to apologise with you , because I did n't wrote to you recently , but I like to tell you what hapend to me in the last weak I had the opportunity to help in one of the most pop concert in my city , so imagen , I fell really really good and exating for that I do n't have words for describe but I try to do it , OK ? 
Here I will answear all the questions that you ask me , and I will ask you other things that you dind ' t mention . 
I would like to have an accomodation in log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent . 
I would like to travel in July , before is not possible for me , I 'll have to finish my exams ' , the lastest of them will be on 30th of Juny . 
I 'd like to play gold and tennis , I practis both since I was young , and I like them , but I do n't have enough time to play , and my level is n't as good as I 'll like . 
In order to know what sort of the clothes I have to take , please can you inform me about the normal weather for this periode ? 
One of the most important think we have to film is our bycicle classes , our school is now the best of the country in all ages We are prest with this , we can show what we do in order to be the best . 
First of all I would like to apreciate for your generous award . 
The oppurnity of being able to help in the concert knocked on my door by chance . 
Because I am a university student , I have got classes until the midle of June and I have to attend to a ` Development & Research Conference ' at the end of June . 
Otherwise I have to work at a business department office as a assistant from the beginning of Aguest . 
Whole night , I felt backache ands shoulder ache so I could n't sleep very well . 
I always want to buy T-shirts , Jeans , Skirts , cosmetic , hairband , accessories , ring , earings , bracelet , shoes , hats , bags , fancy stationeries , interior stuffs and CD . 
Insead of buying something , I buy some fresh food and Ice-cream . 
I can try every shoes , clothes , hats , accessories and jakect on . 
Secondly , I would prefer an accomodation in tent because I enjyoi being outside close to the nature . 
Sometimes the bad charachters in a story are more interesting than the good ones . 
His title was : `` The Mistery of Hunter 's Lodge '' . 
The charachter which I liked most was that of Mrs. 
It was very exciting because she could play at the same time two people : herself and the houskeeper . 
Dear Sir/Madame , 
I 'm writeng with reference to your letter . 
When she tried to answear me , one small child made her a picture with flesh . 
Trully , my work here was n't very important , but I relly enjoyed it . 
But , for luck , it was n't achieved with succes of our concert . 
Misses Helen Ryan , 
First of all I would like to thank you for giving me the oportunity to travel . 
I also would prefer to sleep into tents which are more comfortable and , because I have been doing lots of campings , I am quite used to this kind of accomodation . 
I 've just recived your leter , and I must say that I am so surprised , I was n't expecting to win it . 
I was so suprise to hear from you . 
I play the classicial guitar and I also sing songs . 
I have been playing the classicial guitar for three years . 
I wonder if you could tell me about the wheather and what kind of clothes I have to bring with me . 
I 'd like to tell you that the best month to travel to the U.S.A is on july because I will be on hollidays in this month . 
I do n't really worry about the accommodation at Camp California , but if I can tell you wich one I prefer I 'll choose in tent . 
To make easier and faster this report , it was necessary to make a questionarie which was gave out in the school . 
At first I was surprised but in a few secound later , when I relised that , I did n't allow to go , I tried to persuade my teacher to let me go . 
It was very interresting , because I did different things . 
You should n't go shopping when the shopps are so busy because its so boring . 
I would prefer a tent rather than a log cabin because I have been told that the Californiai summer is hot and dry so because a tent 's wind circulation is better , it would create a confortable coolness . 
This book stays one of the best american litterature book . 
Apart from that I would n't mind at all whether to stay in tents or log cabins but if I have to choose between these two I 'd prefer to stay in tents because it gives me a nice feeling and relaxation , it is very unusal for me to stay in log cabins while you are camping . 
In spite of the fact that the weathe is bad , I play tennis . 
In addition speaking activity include everything to learn English such as listening , speaking , grammer as well . 
Other lesson , the teacher teaches lots of things which are grammer , English culture ... 
Althoug I 've been playing tennis for five years , I ca n't say I 'm a very good player . 
Firstly , the story takes place in South Africa , during the period of the Appartheid . 
I think that you ca n't understand all the links between the events whitout reading the book more than one time . 
I was really greatful when I recieved your letter which informed me that I have won first prize in your competition . 
Secondly , for the accomodation , I would say I prefer living in tent rather than in log cabin because I used to sleep in tent while I was joining a local scout camp in my country . 
This experience I was so prond and very enjoyed . 
And that is allways what we want . 
A huge que that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out . 
About the accommodation , I would prefer log cabins instand of tents , because is safer and more confortable . 
People are used to go to the shopping because it is easier and familiare , it is one place where you can have lunch or dinner , watch some movie after that , and if you want buy something at the shops . 
Instand of going to the theather , which is more cultural , or even do a picnic on the Ikurapiura park , people prefer spends all their money at Shoppings . 
I appriciate it if it will be the first two weeks of the month . 
For activities , my first choise is basketball . 
My second choise is golf . 
As I have told you , I had a chance to help at a concert of Majesty , a local band in which one of my friends played guiter . 
At first I just helped setting up the stage ; setting microphones , and tuning guiters . 
He explained me that it was to controll the light . 
You know I 'm good in mace-up and I have done many times scenography . 
Everybody was very suprise that you can create such amazing things , using a sizors and papers . 
I am not so keen about accomotation but would rather stay in tents than cabins . 
We live near the sea shore and swimming is the sport activitie I am really good in . 
Somitimes I feel very sorry for her . 
Secondly , my choise is the accommodation in tents , I think it could be more interesting , I could enjoy my time with other people playing , eating and talking outside , in my opinion if I choose the log cabins it will be like be at home . 
The most popular `` sport '' that all the people do it 's obiously shopping . 
You can enjoy your time spending all the money you have , buying clothes , jewells , furnitures , etc. . 
But other people do n't think like this , for example , there is a case of a woman who was shopping with her little daughter and without inttetion the girl get lost . 
DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT MY EXPIERENCE HELPING AT THE POP CONCERT IN OUR TOWN ? 
In that moment Ake exlaimed that I could play the piano . 
I enjoyed a lot participating in your competition and hope to apreciate the travel I won . 
Dir Madam 
I was really suprised when I opened it . 
I look forword to going to the Camp California in the USA . 
Because it remainds me my childhood . 
Nowdays we have many big shopping centers . 
The most suitable time for shopping is weekand when parents do n't work and children have n't got a school . 
You ca n't buy something in peacful and calm athmospher . 
THANKS FOR THE KIND LETTER YOU SEND ME LAS WEEK . 
AS YOU KNOW , I AM A SOUND TECHNICH , SO I HELP THEM TO PUT THE SOUND EQUIPMENTS AND THE INSTRUMENTS PROPERLY . 
THAT CARD WAS THE BEST THING THAT SOMEONE HAD EVER GAVE TO ME , BECAUSE I WAS UNABLE TO BE IN THE SCENARY WITH THE WHOLE BAND ! 
I can only travel on July because these is the mounth when I have holidays . 
You know how good I 'm at music , anyway I was helping to these pop concert to get the corect sounds , at the bigging I was conecting all these wires into spekers , music system , guitar etc. . 
The staff in that departnent are really friendly and helpful and they are also huge like giants . 
Basicly , I helped them connecting with the local police and getting some electronical equipments that they needed . 
By the way , I have already been invited their next concernt . 
First of all I would like to travel only in July because I am going to work in Aougust to earn money and after -LRB- from September to June -RRB- I go to university as usual . 
About accomodation at Camp California , I would rather be in a tent than in a log cabin because in July the weather is really good and when I am in a tent I feel closer of nature . 
My holidays will finish in the begining of September and will be good to travel during this time . 
Is necessery tablets -LRB- for headach , insects -RRB- ? 
Is wonderfull how the tecnology make things so easy . 
yours sinicrely 
I recived your letter recently , and I am really happy learning that I won the first prize . 
About he acommodation during those two weeks , I would rather staying in a log cabin , as it is really difficult for me to be in a little and close room . 
Going out to spend a day shopping is something very popular , the shopping centers are always busy , people going up and down carrying bags and looking at window shops , seems everbody is happy . 
To sum up , shopping is not always enjoyable , but do n't worry , the shooping center still there waiting for you ! 
The concert was a big success , lot of excitment . 
Our department , which is sales department , have to make good sales result befor end of June because of financial month . 
About accomodation , I prefer stay log cabins because I do n't like to stay in tents which are unconfortable for me . 
So , my templary job was sound engineer but I was not main engineer . 
When I was university student , I studied sound effect but I hae n't used effect equepument whole my life because our school dose n't have it . 
I used this equepument during concert but I was so compricate system . 
I had always dreamt of being near `` The Cranberies '' , but I had never thought that the dream could became reallity . 
During the afternoon , Tim and me spent the hours before the concer laying on the park next to the sport hall where the concert was to be held . 
After a few minutes the dream happened : Kare - the guitarrist - appeared over there . 
Finally he said how thankful he was and alowed us to stay with them till the concert started . 
Secondly , I would be grateful if you could arrange for me accomodation in log cabins as I am not used on living in the countryside and especially in tents . 
I used to be the captain of the selection of bascketball in my school , because I was the best to play , and I think I can still remember how to play . 
Shopping is not always enjouable because of several factorors . 
One could be when you go into a shop and you can find something that you like , and you decide to buy it , but when you see the price , you find out that it 's too expencive , and you can not afford to buy it . 
In your letter you are asking me to chose which accomodation I prefer . 
Shoping is not always enjoyable . 
About accomodation I would prefer cabins , because I suffer alergic , and I think tend , would be not very suitable for my health . 
Do you know , I am amuzing to play tennis ? 
Very Fun , very happy , if go with your girl friend will feel romatic , you should think something like this , but do you know is not always like this . 
When you go to shopping with your girl friend , she want to watch every clothes in the shopping centre , but you are not interesting of that , romatic , no ! 
If you interesting of the clothes as well , but you need to remember , one is male , but one is female , they should had diffence fashion , at that moment should be had one is boring or have some bad chat , so at the last you both two will feel unhappy or angry to each other . 
About the accomodations I would rather stay in a log cabin . 
I would like the travel start only july if possible , because this is my Hoilday start , at the Camp California I would like my accommodation in tents , because I work in Army and in the camp I usually stay in tent at night , so I will feel more comfortable . 
In those activities I would like to choose Swimming and climbing for my activities in Camp , this two activities I usually do in the Army Camp , I know how to climb up on Rachiat outside and help other people to climp up . 
To make a daily life video in school , we should concentrat on the most things we do in a school , the most thing we do in a school is haveing lesson , it is a very useful parts of this video and is the main subject . 
At the end of the video , we should find one or two studen sit together and ask them a few question of how do they feel to study in the School ? 
I have just received your letter informing me that I won a two week holiday at Camp California , so I am writing to you to indicate my preferences for the travel and the accomodation . 
About the accomodation , I have no problems , but I would prefer staying in tent , so that the holiday may be more adventurous . 
Furthermore for the activities I want to select Tennis and Basketball because I haves been playing tennis since I was young and basketball because I played for the team in my college like the capitan . 
any way , this was my own experience working at the concert , if you have any oportunity to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well ok . 
As I understand is very imortant to confirm the date of travelling . 
Now about accomodation . 
Ansering to your question about activities , I am going to choose tennis and swimming . 
I ca n't be concentrate in a shop , but I ca n't relaxe as well . 
On the other hand , I understand very well that it is really nesseceraly . 
I think it is an opportunity to meet different people -LRB- even if they are pushing you -RRB- , to understand what they like and what they do n't , because even some kind of food could be in fashing . 
I love swimming and also I 've got a scubar diving licence . 
I used to enjoy floting on the water whenever I was on holiday . 
Singing is the most favarite hobby for us . 
I 'd like to know that how much monery , how many clothes we need . 
Of couse , the shopkeepers are human being as well . 
But for their considerations , they 're working in their rutines . 
I sometimes loose my desire to buy a thing because of their badly behaviers . 
For example , for our jobs supecial ceremonys and so on . 
First I want to thank you for all the congratulations , and I 'll try to answer all your questions about for instance travel and accomodation . 
I 'm also used to sing in front of a large number of people ` couse I did it several times . 
I was so happy and suprised that I first could not really believe it . 
Only one question about a baby 's accomodation . 
So , You do n't believe me , but I enjoed helping at a Oasis 's pop concert . 
Me and my friend were there to hear the sound-check , and when I understood was happing on the stage , I decided to help them . 
Well , for the accomodation at Camp California I would prefer staying in a tent . 
Well this is abosolutly true , espacially when you go shopping on Saturday . 
For exemple you go into a cloth shop , you see all those women running around trying to find the shirt that would fit their new skirt , so they are looking every where , pushing you because they think that you will take the shirt that they want . 
I have recently recieved your letter that I have won the first prize in the competition . 
I think that shopping can be both enjoyable and unenjoyable because sometimes the shops are full of people , especially at the weekends which normally is the only appropreaite time ! 
First I did n't accept but finally she conviced me . 
I am writing in reply to your letter I received yestarday . 
` As I have a choise I would prefer to stay in log cabins to tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so depended on weather conditions . 
Last year I took part in photograher 's contest and I won a second prize in Poland in cathegory of , , beautiful scenery '' . 
Have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want , looking throug shelves and not finding that in the end . 
Moreover , you could face an agressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager . 
Regarding to the accommodation , I would prefer to stay in tents more than log carbins because I have a lot of experiences of built up my own tents . 
Since I was young , my dad he alway took me out to have live drawings , so now it became my hobbies . 
I like to have window shopping that is good to go arround the shopping area . 
Then I can say I 'm definatly does n't feel any enjoyable . 
Sorry for I have n't written to you for such a long time , but I 've got a good excute ! 
I am writing to answer about your invitation which I have receved as a first winner . 
Most of the people , they like to go to centre of City that 's Meong-Dong where is the uderground acade and several businesses have their head quarter there . 
Shopping sounds very enjobleable and fantastic for women . 
You have to try to park your cark first which sometime the space are fulled and after you have parked your car and went in the supermarket the product you wanted have run out so you have to changes your plan for dinner or going to another supermarket to facing a long queue . 
Firsty , I would like to thank you warmly for this great prize . 
I 'd like to travell in july because I 've got an examination at USP in Roo Cohelo in July . 
And I 'd like to stay in a log cabins because I ca n't bear sleeping in a tent , I hate this kind of accomodation . 
Firstly I must say that I 'll be able to have two weeks free only in July , since I started work and intitled to have a holiday only in July . 
Despite my appriciation of all kinds of sports and activities , I 'd choose my favourite ones , which are swimming and tennis . 
Another thing I dislike about shopping is some annoying shop assisstants which try to sale any products to the `` victim '' entring the door . 
In fact , this activity seems to be very interresting . 
As far as accomodation is concerned , I would prefer sleeping in a tents . 
I went as a voluntier staff in order to go for free . 
The accomodation and the food were part of the contract ... 
I met lots of nice and cool people , and what I most enjoyed was the crazy atmospher of the hole thing . 
In fact , to do shopping can be some disavantages for different reasons : 
I am looking forward my holy day begins on first of july to twenty-first july so it is possible to take the travell in this time . 
I like to sleep in a tent under the free sky since I have done the military-service therfore I would prefer a tent as my accomodation . 
When I have enough money the price is n't important , then I can buy a lot of goods whitout take care on my money . 
I just recive your letter and I would like to answer and ask some questions . 
At the Camp , is there a free uniform or we will have to wear something spessial ? 
Students think that we do n't do anything and we do n't learn anything spessial . 
Our music lessons are speccial . 
It would be a great plessure to spend two weeks at Camp California and I ca n't find any suitable words to express my enthusiasm . 
According to accomodation I would prefer log cabins , as they are more comfortable and I like convenience . 
I recived your letter about I won two weeks at camp California in the U.S.A. 
I would like travel July because I will have holidays in this mounth . 
But a lot of incovenients anoy them . 
First of all the car parking is not convinent and expensive . 
I would be grateful if I could have the accomodation in a log cabin : I would prefer not to stay in a tent because of my height , I am so tall that I could never stand up . 
Only who gets good marks can take part in theese activities , so sport activities are seen as a prize , so while the students are playing basket ball , tennis , volleyball ... 
I AM VERY GLAD TO HEAR THAT I AM THE WONNER OF THE COMPETITION ORGANISED BY YOUR COMPANY LAST MONTH . 
PEOPLE LIKE DOING SHOPPING -LRB- ASPECIALLY IN POLAND , WHERE MANY NEW AND MODERN SUPERMARKETS HAVE BEEN OPENED -RRB- LADIES PREFER TO VISIT UNDERWEAR SHOPS OR DEPARTMENTS IN HUGE HIPERMARKETS AND MEN ARE HAPPY WHEN THEY CAN BUY SOMETHING NEW FOR THEIR CARS , MOTORS OR COMPUTERS . 
I have always been interested in visiting other contries . 
I will be having my exams durind this month , so I ca n't travel before July . 
I would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the competiton of two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. 
From the 10 opitions that I have to chose I will chose two , climbing , wich I have been praticing for three years and because that I know by heart how to do it , and swimming wich I have also been doing every day in my daily rotine in Portugal . 
I would like to know about wich sort of close I have got to take ? 
A survey has been done , and the issue is , wich subjects -LRB- lessons -RRB- and activities the students thinks are the most enjoyables . 
Someone says it is maths , pratical , usefull but the majority says it is boring , unless you 're chose a job which charges all your math 's knowledge as accounting , otherwise you can use a calculator or a computer . 
The majorite has chosen History , which means a big journey around the world , either at the Roman life style , or in the midle age , when a revolution happened with deaps and new lands . 
How much mone do you recommend me to bring with me ? 
I have chosen golf because I playing golf sine 1998 and I want to improve it and then I decided to start a new kind of sport and I would like to start with climbing . 
I think it depents if you are a man or a woman and now I have to say I am a woman and I enjoy it . 
Shopping , is becoming a popular way of killing time nowdays . 
Try to imagine the scence : twenty or thirty or even more people are keeping a quel outside the fitting room . 
As you offer many activities it was hard to choose which ones I want to do , but I dicided to take swimming and photography , because I am very good at swimming and because currently I am attending a photography course in Vienna . 
The first thing I didwas to controll the tickets of the fans who visited the concert together with a friend of mine . 
There always was a lot of security stuff around us to make sure every thing is ok , because there really were thousends of persons . 
I recived your letter and I am very excited about the camp . 
I would like to go in July I do n't mind wich two weeks but it has to be that month because in June I still in school and in August I ` am going on holiday with my family . 
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I think it 's different from where I sleep every night so I would apreciate it if there are still tents available . 
Here is where the good part starts , I was doing the courtines -LRB- opening and closing -RRB- when Nick came to me and ask me to go on stage with him , my heart started beating very hard . 
Secondly , I would like to choose a tent for accommodation , because I have never spent time in a tent , that 's why , I think it is a good oppotunity for me . 
What I particularly liked about the experience was the concert had achived by our supports . 
I really recomend you to help them , I think this is a good oppotunity and I want you understand my feeling well . 
Many classes and activities are important in our school But I have to make a choice in order to select them The class of mecanics seem to be the more important lesson . 
It use a lot of technics that we learn in other classes . 
It gives us the knowledge usefull for many school club like the `` marathon shell '' club or the robotich club . 
Besides it gives all the areas covered by a mecanic ingenier and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mecanic ingenier It lets us specify our abilities in the part of mecanics that we prefer . 
Firstly we should defnitely put the news review lesson , because we start every morning with that class and it is where we have a lot of discussion . 
The accomodation that best suits me is in log cabins , as the space in tents is very limited and I am not used to have all my belongings in order and packed at all times . 
In respect of the activities you offer , it is difficult to choose in such a hugh variety , but I prefer to do those I better know as climbing . 
There are many things that can go wrong in the process of adquiring a product or service . 
Hunting on the High Street , or the Shopping Malls , for the desired bargain - because we cant afford otherwise to buy - becomes often a desperate atempt to reach a living promoted by the new consuming society . 
At the end all depends in our attitud to life , including shopping . 
The concert sarted at 6:00 pm until 2:00 am , and I started to work at 12:00 pm to prepear the scene with the musicians . 
After that , at 2:00 pm , when people arrived , I was at the entrance to take the tickets and you know it was incredibale because some people slept all the night in front of the stadium to be in the front row . 
and for me it was very strange and it was very interessting , because I met a lot of people and the best thing was that I knew the pop group who sang , it was fantastic . 
Greatefully 
I did n't know what to do , I was sure he was a Robber , or even a murther ! 
I met all the staff , and Ricky took lots of fotographs with me and gave me an autographied Record . 
I am writting to reply your letter and comenicate my aceptance of the first prize in your Competition . 
It was a hard month because my job was very hard , I worked 12 hours per day but alwalys with funny people . 
I am very happy to here from you that I have won first prize in your competition - twe weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. 
Firstly , I will be able to travel only in July because I go to univercity and I normaly spend the most of time for work . 
And I choose phtograghy and tennis from the activities list . 
I ` am really surprising and happy about it . 
Firstly , log cabins are more comportable than tents . 
Is there a possibility of exchanging different currancies to US dollar ? 
When you think of shopping , it reminds you of going out -LRB- mostly -RRB- with friends , looking for new things like clothes , accesoires etc. . 
When I was at the Univercity I was very keen on basket ball and I was playing in Univercity 's team . 
Novadays our shopping habits seem to be changed . 
As regards accomodation , I would rather choose staying in tents . 
That is because I am keen on hich-hicking and I amused to living in tents . 
I do n't know much about the weather down there , in California , so I am rather puzzeled about what to wear there . 
I have made a little survey on the subject of my report and I have elucidaded that most of the pupils of our school consider that the region and the area around school should be filmed first . 
Also , I felt wonderful when I saw , that the concert had succesed and every day was croweded . 
Secondly , I would prefer my accomodation to be in log cabins , because I am alergic to some insects that might go in the tent . 
Firstly , you need to know , and be counscious of what you are doing . 
I spend two weeks preparing all the stage , speakers , background , michrophones , everything with all the staff , and every night , the artists came to rehearsal their show , I could see how they really improved , and how nice they were with the staff . 
I think that I am a very competitive player , as well or a technical player . 
The organisers paid for my acommodation and travel to Ireland . 
On the next day I helped them to built the scenary and I had enough time to visit a museum in Dublin in the evening . 
In fact , the shopping you do for the daily needs is seldom enjouble , as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and morover you are often faced with some nasty situations . 
I want if it is possible a log cabins like accommodation because I have been suffering from my back since my childhood , therefore I need a confortable accommodation . 
I selected swimming because it is a cure against my backace and I have not practiced since I started my new job five years ago . 
By the Accomodation at the Camp , I would prefer the tents , because it is something different wich you do n't make everyday ! 
Another thing that makes you fourious , is when you see a great shirt in shop and somebody else take it away or buy it before you can react . 
Since I am a student I have to follow the vacation programm of my school , which means that I would only be able to travel during the month of July . 
It offers a wide choice of courses from cooking , computer , make up , languages , geographie to culture and civilization . 
Once students have taken a shower after a hard physical training they come to real life , depending on their levels they have to study for instance languages wich I personally find very important for a person working in the tourism field because these enables stuff to communicate with clients in a proper way , students have to manage to speak at least three languages . 
Another important lesson to film is `` culture and civilization , therefore people will know that the hostessess prepered at this school are not only , as French say , `` pot-au-fleurs '' , beautiful faces to show off but also well read persons . 
Last but not less important is the class called `` know-how '' wich shows students how to cope with unspected problems even if they are in stress . 
Appart from that , here you are the repplies that you asked me for : 
Althoug I wich that my accommodation at Camp California it must be in tents . 
Anyway I enjoed so much . 
I have n't been to a concert before so the atmosphier was really good . 
Did you remember the computer curse that we took together it was very useful to clasifay each person in the concert . 
But I have booked a flight to home at the beginning of Auguest . 
Nowdays internet makes us closer and closer . 
Liabrary . 
We not only borrow books from liabrary but also study at liabrary . 
When the concert finished my favour singer talked to me & they invited me to play the piano in their next concert and they said that because I performed will in that concert . 
About the accomodation , I would prefer tents because I enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities . 
In conclusion , like all things in life , shopping can be pleasent or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day . 
Since the man become man he has had the need of hunting for sourvive , in ancient times he used spears , bows and arrows , and the wemon 's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff . 
And shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your pertners . 
On the whole , shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you migh be extravacant , lose your friends and have what you do n't need . 
The only convinient time to travel is in July . 
This part had to be saved for later because the concert orginazer wanted to know the exactly number of visitors . 
Here , I had to check the bags and couts of the girls . 
Can you imagine how exsiting when we stay in the dark and very quite and we can hear a sound of animal . 
I have been doing a lot of them when I have got a free time and when I feel empressted where I have been . 
Fainally I would like to ask you about I have to spent any money over there without my shopping and how is the weather over there on July because I will prepare the clothes as usedful . 
It is very big hall including the sound system and the light at the steat . 
And if it is possible , I would rather be accommadated in log cabins because I would not like to share the bathroom facilities someone who I do not know well . 
Either I am in the school swimming team and I am intered in photography professionally . 
To show the life at the school is not only lessons and exams , the video should be inclued the annual summer Fete , school 's weekend trip which is on Friday 7th of July and also the dance which is organized on the last day of the school year . 
Thank you for this prize , I 'm really ecited and emotions . 
Answering your reguest you asked me , I would like to travel only July because , in fact . 
I really apreciate this kind of trip and I 'm really thank your truly attention . 
Yours sincirely : 
I like to travel only July becouse now I 'm studying at National Academy of Defense and I do n't have a time for enything else . 
Everybody gets up at six , and first things they do it is run for about two thousends five houndred meters . 
However , I used to assist my brother , who is a profecional photographer . 
I helped to guide foreginers who would like to take participated in that . 
I was pleased to recieve you letter ricently . 
Otherwise , you either will not find what you are looking for , or you will , and spend the rest of the day in bad mood , because of bad maners of sales people , that not every time you ask can give you any advice . 
Summerise all , I will recomend to spend less time indoors , shopping during the weakdays . 
After considering your accomodation offers , I 'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible . 
It evoques the reason of our presence here and it is a cliché ; that can not lack . 
Secondly , the two activities wich I 'd like to pratice during the campsite are sailing and surfing . 
When you go to a sale shop it is dificult to find what you look for without a help of the shop assistant . 
After that you have to wait a long time in the qeue to pay and many times is n't possible pay with your credit card and you do n't have a money in cash . 
For de accommodation I prefer a long cabin because it 's more comfortable . 
Dear Madame , 
thank you for your letter , I 've been so happy to receave such a good news that I ca n't already believe it . 
In the accomodation at Camp California , I prefer to rent a tent , he is going to be more funny , I think , but are the tents singles ? 
I 've got other questions : wich type of clothes do I have to bring ? 
It 's the place where you can meet your friends , where you can talk free , there are no teatchers , it could be a good contrast to the serious of the lessons . 
Finally we should film the lunch , which is also a moment to relax for the students , and for the teatchers , we must n't forget to film the teatcher room because if a school is made of students , it 's also made of teatchers . 
In reply to your letter recieved the 13rd of June , I first would like to say that it is a great pleasure for me to have been choosed . 
All was very interresting , but what I particularly liked about the experience is the human relations . 
I would like to travel on July because my hollydays are only on it and the wheather in California is better . 
They liked me so much and invited me to be the responsable with lights and sound . 
To begin with , in your letter you asked me when I would like to travell . 
I would like to do tennis , because I used to play when I was at school and swiming because I like water sports and because I am good at it . 
Thanking you in anticipation for your help , I look forward to hearin from you . 
In this lesson you can learn how to speak , write and read this foreing language with teachears that are well prepeared . 
This is something I will never ever foget . 
I could n't believe that I had met that superstar that was dancing in front of a crouded soccer stadium . 
I would rather to stay in tents , because I have stayed in tents before and I liked , it is more pleasent than stay in log cabins and it is such a wonderful experience . 
I agree that shopping is not always ejoyable because a lot of things could occur you . 
Therefore she had to do a lot of tramits to cancell their credit cards and to change her flight ticket . 
As far as accomodtion is concerned , I would like to live in tents at Camp California . 
Before I go to the Camp , I would like to know what type of clothes I need to take and wheather there is anything I should take in case of any emergencies . 
I was few of the lukiest people from my school to be picked up to help at the pop concert which took place in my town . 
Me and my friends were very excited , not because of the stage decoration but because of the pop sigers and bands whom we will be able to see ! 
In my view , it was extremely interesting and satisfing for me all the concert long . 
If you choose the post , you would be exhausted throughlly in the end of the concert . 
Although I can not explain any more about the thing I felt during the concert in this letter , I 'd like to recomend you to help at a pop concert or the other . 
Yours Sincierly , 
First of all I helped with the decoration of the place where the consert would take place . 
About the information that you need , I must tell you that I will be able to travel only in July becase I got a new job and I ca n't ask for more than one month holidays each year and on the other months I will be very busy becase my workmates will take holidays on these months . 
With the accomodation , I would prefered tents becase it is more according with a camp . 
When the concert started I was preparing some drinks for the band because when the concert finished they were very tired and tersty . 
I 'm not sure about the weather in California in the daytime and in the nightime . 
I conveyed a lot of chairs and looked after the que or people who lost their way . 
As for accomodation I prefer to live in tents . 
It is amazing and sometimes amuzing how charming and strong the spell of luxurious supermarkets and cosy little shops is . 
As accommnodation at Camp California , I would prefer to stay in log cabins because I think it is safier than in a tent . 
Now , my English teacher has asked me to explane all what I think . 
In my opinion , nowdays , shopping is very easy and in the same time very hard . 
Some people when they are tired relax spleeping , reading a book or watching television but not me . 
I 'm the winner of the first prize in your competion and I 'm writing to you to give some information which was required for you . 
In spite of this , I have got all equipement I need for the activity painting and I am painting very well . 
About the accomodation I would prefer to stay in a cabin . 
I think that the combins are safer than the tents and they can protect you better in case the weather changes . 
The two activities I have chosen is swimming and climbing . 
I chose climbing because I 'm intrested in this sport even if I 'm not experienced . 
Yours sincierly 
Before the concert I helped in carring and putting in order some chairs on which would sit some special persons . 
Yes , it is true , this is only because nowadays people have more money than even before , and some women do n't earn money , they have no idea how diffcult to earn the money . 
About my acommodations in the camp I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it 's safer than being in a tent and because you sleep more confortable . 
I and my friend - Emma , we helped to paint the scence of the background on the stage . 
As you known , I like drawing and painting when I have a free time so that why I chose to paint the scence of the background . 
Such being the case , I need to wait until my college 's lessons finishes . 
According to me , to say in the tents is mor exciting than to stay in the log cabins . 
Because , I spent most of my scholl life for sports , specially for basketball . 
About the acommodation , out of the two possibilities , I choose sleeping in a tent , because I think that a log cabin is n't as authentic as a tent , at the camp . 
It would be greatful if you could send me further information about details like how much money on what kind of clothes I 'll have to take with me . 
I prefer to stay in a tent as I go campping every summer and am used to slipping in tents . 
Introduction : To support an idea to make a short video about daily life at our school I have spend some time discussing it with other students , observing and analaising an avrege day in our scholl and came up with some suggestions . 
SINCE I HAVE THE CHOICE FOR MY ACCOMODATION , I 'LL DEFINETELLY GO FOR THE LOG CABINS , BECAUSE I CA N'T BARE THE HEAT INSIDE THE TENT . 
AFTER THE STAGE WAS SET , THE REST OF THE THINGS I HAD TO DO WERE QUITE EASY AND ENJOYABLE ; I COULD STAY EITHER BACK OR FRONT STAGE AND GIVE A HAND IF NEEDED , I REALLY ENJOYED IT BECAUSE I LEARNT A LOT OF TECNICAL THINGS I DID N'T KNOW ; AND WHAT I ALSO ENJOYED WAS THE GOOD PAY ! 
You wo n't wait in the quee . 
ANSWERING TO YOU 'RE NEXT QUESTION , I RATHER STAY AT A LOG CABIN , THE THING IS I HAVE FOBIA TOWARDS INSECTS AND MY DOCTOR RECOMENDED ME I SHOULD SLEEP IN A CLOSED AREA . 
NOW THAT THE STUDENTS HAVE GATHER UP THIS YEAR TO MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT THE BEST LESSONS AND ACTIVITIES THAT WE HAVE IN SCHOOL , EVERY THING POSIBLE OF COURSE WITH HELP OF TEACHER MS. 
IT WOULD BE MY SUGGESTION TO THE PRODUCERS OF THIS VIDEO THAT THEY SHOULD GET FOUCOSED IN OUR WRITING AND CULTURS LESSONS . 
Before answering your letter -LRB- which I have just recieved -RRB- about the prize of the competition I recently won , I 'd like to tell you thank you very much for giving me the chance of gong to the USA . 
About the accomodation ; I rekon I would prefer to be in a log cabin instead of a tent , since it is more comfortable . 
None of the groups were known nowadays , but I belive they are well on their way to becoming famous bands . 
This was the best part because when everyone was gone , Billy Joel arrived to give his support to the beginers !!! 
I could n't belive my very eyes ... 
Jane took a photograph of us toghether . 
As to accomodation I would like to choose a tent because I am used to travelling with my sleeping bag and my tent all over Europe . 
During the camp I would like to pratise my swimming -LRB- I have attended swimming lessons for 3 years -RRB- and also I would like to learn how to do some good photos . 
Sometimes unfortunatelly shopping could be very annoying , especially at Christmast or Easter time . 
The only advice would be : `` Do not do your shopping at Christmast or Easter time '' - but it will not make any sense , will it ? 
I am writing to you in replay to the letter I have recently recived , to inform you about some details that I am concerned about . 
In your letter you settled the possibility to choose two activities and I would like to let you know that I would be pleased if I could join to basketball and climbing , as I am very good at both of them due to I 've played in my secondary scholl as leader of my team and due to my long training periods in lifting weights . 
There is as well the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself into the crowds crambled in the small shops during the unique day-off you have to buy somthing you like . 
We have a lot of problems from the beggining . 
Everything was all right during the perform of the band , but at the end some espectators came up to the stage and made some damage to the band 's instrument . 
As you can see , hardly anything went well , but the lights and the sound - both in wich I helped carrying things - were appropriate for the concert . 
Moroever , I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine . 
On the other handDuring my stay in Camp California , I want to go swimming because I practice this activitie regularly and I often do competitions : this is one of my hobbies . 
Firstly , I arrived five hours before the begining of the concert in order to help the musicians to move the material from the van to the scene . 
It was maybe hard work for a while but I was so happy about that to help on a real big pop concert I ca n't decribe it . 
The organizer of the tournement have spoken with me and asked me if I want I could do the same work in two months at the concert by the Rolling Stones is that not fantastic . 
I would like to send you some futher information which you need . 
I am greatful that I have the chance to choose an accomodation . 
We would like to belive that shopping is the most wonderful part of our life . 
When we finally do this , we can not go confortable because of crowd . 
The answer is that we choose the same street -LRB- usually the most popular -RRB- and the same time as six hundrets other people . 
You asked me which accomodation I would prefer . 
I 've recived your letter and I 'm very happy to know that I won the competition and the first prize . 
Acording to your letter , you asked me to choose two of your activities . 
I prefere to do some climbing because that 's what I do in my spare time and I do it quite well . 
Shooping is not always enjoyable . 
We all have been shooping once in our lifes and sometimes it probably has not been very enjoyable , why ? 
So if you want to have a good relaxing shooping day , we recommend you not to go with your little brothers and to go with enogh time to look arround for what you really want . 
Dear Sir or Madame , 
Since we are kids people tell us stories with two sides in conflit : the good and the bad side . 
I would prefer to be accomodated in a log cabin as do not like sleeping on the mattres and I get allergy to rubber . 
At first I was helping to seill the tickets - was n't difficult . 
We had to check evey plug , switch , lights . 
I could n't belive how big the lamp can be . 
fortunetly nothing had happend . 
Secondly , I would rather be accomodationed in log cabins than go in tens . 
Thirsthly , I would prefer to swimming and playing tennis , because I have been practising them since I was I child , and I think I very good in each other . 
A few minutes later the show started and the grup appeared on the stage . 
Later , when the show had finished , I stayed with the grup in their room for a few minutes . 
What I really liked doing was to helped them with their clothes and to make-up them , because I learnt how to make-up a person and I spend a few minutes with the most popular grup of the world . 
The next thing is , that I would prefer a log cabine . 
I was responsible to the advertisments and I had also to invite the `` important persons '' from our governement . 
That 's the best suitable accomodation for a camping . 
They also gave me a ticket to wotch the concert live . 
I would be very grateful if you could give me some aditional information . 
And then , when all was prepared , Celine appeared in the scenary to make some sound tests . 
I was enthusiatic about receiving your letter . 
I was receveid your letter concerning two weeks at Camp California in the USA . 
About my accommodation , I would prefer a log cabin because it 's more confortable than a tent and less hot with the sun . 
I have recieved your letter and I am so glad I have won the first prize . 
Answering the second question I would prefer my accomodation in log cabins . 
It 's quite difficult to say wether I prefer painting or sailing . 
First I can travel only in July because , I will finish school at the end of June and I will pass my exam in Septemeber ; so I have to repeat it a lot during the month of August . 
To answer your second question , I choose the accomodation in tents because I like to sleep outside . 
People where I working with they are going on holiday in Juni and August . 
Further the accomodation I prefer at Camp California is the log cabin . 
I will be very happy to travel on july because in that date I am going to have my holidays , so I will not have to ask permition from my work . 
I will prefer to have my accomodation in a tent , couse in that way I can feel more clouse to the nature , and I can remember when I was a scout girl . 
You are never going to believe what I did last month I was walking with my sister in Oxford circus , when sudently a man stop us saying that he was looking for people to help in a concert and they was going to pay us five pounds an hour . 
All the shops are full of people , and people treat the articals like rubbish . 
In accodance with what you have told me about the accommodation I would prefer to go and stay in tents , because I think their unusual and is not something that you do everyday . 
Acctually , they put me very close to the stage , in the middle of the real hell . 
With pleasure I 'll give all information wich you need . 
As far as I know accomodation at Camp California is in tents or log cabins . 
If we decided to by somthing special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it . 
I have n't played golf for a long time , so it will be pleasent to do so . 
Yours sincerately , 
The fans started shouting and wistling for the show to begin , while I just stood there trying to see what had happened . 
I have choosen these activities because actually I am playing with university team , and photography is my favoorate hobby . 
It began when ours common friends Martha , ofered me to be a organization member at the concert , obviously I accepted . 
I like very much the moutains and would particularly enjoy painting them after a walk . 
It starts with food -LRB- monstruous -RRB- and goes on with clothes , pills , games and so on . 
I have only the possibility to take holiday in July because I am going to start a new education at the beginn of August . 
I applied for a job at the ticket office because I hopped to see a lot of diffrent people . 
I had to prepare the ingredians for every meal . 
It means I had to read the recipies very carefully . 
And I had to controll that nothing will be missed . 
The best thing was that I learnd a lot of new cooking ideas and I could observe new cooking tricks . 
I received your letter this morning and I was very suprised it . 
First , I can come there only July because of my examination , I have to take it in June , and my new turm will also start in September . 
My main working was take people to their seat because of a concert hall , which was the millenium dorm . 
I have once experienced to have been soaked while I was sleeping in a tent dut to heavy rain several years ago . 
I would be really greateful if you could send me some information or any relevant brochure . 
As you mentioned about the accomodation , I would prefer stay in the tents , because it 's more exciting and I really love camping . 
However , I would choose sailing because I am facinating with the sea and it 's misteries and I also like the watter , the wind in my face ... 
Log cabins may be more confortable , on the other hand I think that I will be able to `` survive '' in tents . 
The reason of choosing this two activities is that they contrast itselves , I want one more exciting and that asks for more agility and another more calm and relaxing , that asks only for my ability to paint . 
I vish you were here with me . 
I could even think about skyping 's school . 
July is also good because the wethear is warm and I could enjoyed mor the time that I will spend in the camp . 
Yesterday was Valentine 's day here in Portugal , In particurely I had to spend it alone ... 
Red Hot Chilli Pepers came here for a short time and they played at the `` Chedicard Hall '' . 
I was everywher . 
I took lots of pictures , asked for authographs and I even gave them my cel phone number ! 
And also the reason why I would like to go surfing is that I am always dreaming of surfing on the coast of California like on TV , but I have never tried to surf yet , which doe n't mean I am bad at swimming . 
Dear madame 
Dear Madame , 
I am writting this letter to informe you about the decisions I have made according to your questions . 
When I was a child I was affraid of all these little insects that they live in the ground and this fear still remain till now . 
I was only responsable for the property of the back stages . 
I was shocked and terrified the firt time I saw them , but the truth is that they are men like us . 
I have just recieved your letter saying that I have won the competition , I must say I was really surprise and happy to have the oportunity to join the Camp for two weeks . 
Some people seems to enjoy going shopping and spending money , it makes them happy but what about the ques you have to make to pay for something just to realise , when you get to the front , that they have to close that till and they ask you to move to the next till , what a waist of time . 
I really liked one of them concernent to Spain for 3 days with hotel and breakfast included , but for £ 250 . 
I went inside to asked for that packet but they told me that it was gone , therefore , I went to many shoops just to find the same answer . 
any of the adver . 
However , the most important thing is when I asked them to take that adver . 
As and advise try to go shopping in the out pick hours , and do n't waist your time asking for promosion advertised in the windows of the shop . 
You asked me to wite about my experience which I made by helping at the pop-concert . 
I would like to travel only in July , because I have only one month holliday this year . 
Well , as you demand , I tell you I would like to travel as soon as July begins , I 'm going to be able only this summer month because my job responsabilities . 
Acording to the choice whether I prefer tends or log cabins , I think I will turn to the first one because I have always loved camping the nearest to nature , if it 's possible in front of a lake or a river , if you camping has one , so that I will be able to practise my favorite and skillful hobby : sailing . 
`` Wuthering Heights '' by Emile Brönte I think this statement is a very truly afimation in the case of my book because the main character of the story is a very wicked man . 
I am not so fit and well condition , so I do n't like to do activitily . 
However , to draw some beautiful sceanary and to take some picture are very good experience for me . 
After been carrying stuff like lights , microphones , wires and some other equipment for about three hours , I was eshausted . 
We are all costemers of the big supermarkets They have all what we need it . 
But when we thing properly shopping is not enjoyable for example if you forget something that need for salat . 
You have to go back this supermarket and find nearest parking space then before someone takes the their last fresh lemon for your salat you must find where was the lemon section before because they love change the store again and again . 
How delighted I was when I receved your letter ! 
I would like to ask you how much money do I need , how is the weather in order to pack the necessary clothe and wheter I need something else . 
I send you some pictures , the best ones because there were some quite embarrasing . 
About the accomodation , I would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because I have bad back and I think that to sleep in a tent could be not just uncomfortable but also painful for me . 
Many people leave so many other activities for the pleasure of buying as many things as they can afford . 
Dear Sir or Madamme , 
I 'd appriciate for giving me the first prize in the competition . 
The aim of this report is to summerize the result of the survey , which is about making a short video . 
I have just received your letter which is made me so hapy . 
I have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowday some people are calling shopcholic . 
I swim really good and I am a proffesional basketball player . 
Can you please give me some recomendations about the clothes I will need and also the cost of the food there to make my budget . 
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsie . 
I had to buy my dress , it 's accesories and besides clothes and souvenirs ! 
It was n't a spokeperson Kim but just asked him a couple of questions behind the stage . 
As I told you two month ago I saw the advertisment in the newspepper . 
If you have chilldren , you will know it very well when you are busy doing something and the chilldren see something they want to have , they will do everything they can do to make you buy it for them , sometime they even cry or shout to you and it is really anoy you . 
Anyway , even in families they usauly have this problem that when they bought a new one , suddenly they have a problem that where the old one is going to be and that is the begining of argument between mother and farther or parents and chilldren . 
I am writing to answer to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in our competetion , which is two weeks , I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win . 
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities of our daily life at school shoud be filmed to give the other students the idea of what we usually do not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time . 
I would like to travel just in July , because I am going to study at my university untill the end of June . 
I have a lot of posibilities for spending my spare time . 
In order to preper it I visited some clasrooms during the lessons and I interviewed a number of students from our school . 
If I can choose my accomodation , I prefer living in tent . 
It took place in a huge stadium which had over 4.000 seats for the `` spactetors '' if you can call them like this . 
Another thing we had to do was help the staff to tranfer some equipment . 
The musicians brough it in order to achieve a high standard of quality sound . 
- Accomodation : Log cabins would be nice for me to stay in when I am in California . 
Before we can give our opinions on this statemant we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing about . 
However , students who never have time for healthy diet full of minerals , vitamins or fibre usually finish on `` McDonalds '' , hamburgers or Bic Macs . 
Anything as a souveniere would be quite enough for me . 
We think that it is a great opportunity because it is just one time per year and it is free for stundents . 
I loocked outside and saw two men go into the house in front of mine . 
The policeman came to take the bugglar and thanked me to catch him . 
The famous people must enderstand that the journalists are doing their work . 
In conclusion I think that there must be more compehension and respect between famous people and the media . 
Thoug , a few of us would like to consider the `` London fashion and leisure show '' . 
Whateaver you do , the journalist should not follow you every second . 
Some people think that to be a famous person is very excuiting thing , that all the time this makes you feel completely and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well . 
I believe , that if somebody wants the fame and the glory must be tottally sure about the results . 
Another succesfull carreer such as , film stars must also be balanced . 
It does n't matter what kind of carreer or job you are follow . 
We think that perhaps in Tuesday March 14 , we could change the time of going to Science Museum , and -LRB- we -RRB- go earlier to the Museum , such as half past eight on the morning , so we could go after , at ten o'clock to the show , and we could also delay going shopping on that afternoon , because the show lasts til seven o'clock on the evening . 
I am writing to appriciate for the good programme . 
However , some of them have read an advertisment about the London Fashion and Leisure Show , which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March . 
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists fellowing them all the time 
All this exhibiots are really important and exciting for us because , nowadays , fashion has a huge influence in our lifestyle and we would like to know more about it . 
We think that we could go there next 14th of March , in the eveninng , instead of going shopping . 
Nowadays , there is a lot of people that life only with the money they get in advertisments , reports about their last romance , ... 
On the other hand , are the ones that are also respectabled but , appart from their relation with journalists because of their work , they really need to be constantly seek by photographers . 
Communications move the world and famous people use them to improve their work , politicians for their campain and film stars to make famous their last movie . 
Our class really appreciate for preparing this programme , especially for Monday 's atraction . 
We are extremaly interested in wisiting London . 
Nowedays famous people do n't have an easy life . 
My friends have seen an advertisement which is the London fashion and leissure show . 
We would suggest gong to this fabolous show . 
Yours Sincererly , 
I belived everything she has told me . 
I surprised that he belived me . 
I 'm writing you about our journey which you have already orginesed . 
They nead to be with their family in silence . 
Especially , going to the Museum and the Art Gallery would be a great oppotunity for all of us , as they are world-famous places in London . 
It was okay , beause I was quite good at that , but the problem was that I had to jump onto the roof ! 
It had been raining , the previous day , so the roof was slippy ! 
In the name of the class I would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised , especially the idea of visiting a galery . 
I WANT TO THAK YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAMME FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US TO THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH . 
IN MY OPINION FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAMOUS THAT IN SOME CASS , COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY . 
Basle , 12th Decembre 2000 
Basle , 12th Decembre 2000 
In your letter , you asked me wheter the book I 've read would be a suitable present for your cousin 's fifteenth birthday . 
You wrote that your cousin is quite intered in magic , detectives and sport , did n't you ? 
If you agree , after Science Museum , we can have lunch at restaurant near the musuem , then we go directly from the restaurant to Central Exhibition Hall . 
It will be a numer of Developments in Technology in the future , which can make our life easier to live but what should remain the same is feeling of being together and love . 
We think we 'll find one free hour befor the River trip . 
They found hime two months after and six months after he was in jail . 
In order to fullfill their readers ' requirements they always follow them . 
This is the most argueing point . 
Because , althoug they are famous they have also their private life . 
I have been asked by my classmates to write to you to suggest a new activity which you could include in the London programme if you liked it . 
I climed up the tree . 
All students will be very greatful . 
I have alredy thought about a changing of the programme . 
I hope you will take my proposal in favoreable consideration . 
As you know we are in England to learn your language and also your lifestyle , and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to discorve this way of your country ! 
Thank you for your letter , like usual , it 's a pleisure to receive a word from you . 
It 's a fantastique book , which I recommend to everybody keen on lovestories . 
It 's a perfect combinaison between passion and life difficulties . 
I recone that it 's quite not an easy reading , but as you described your cousin , I think she really will enjoy it , she 's such good in litteracy , that it wo n't be a problem for her . 
Finally , we would like to get your permition to go , maybe if it is possible that you change your programme , we may be going to your college any time after Tuesday . 
But the students in our class have seen an adverstisement for the `` London Fashion and Leisure Show '' which 'll take place in Central Exhibition Hall , London , on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00 and at the same time we have to go to the Science Museum but we would all like to go to the show . 
Please let us know , as soon as you make your decission . 
I would like to tell you about the show which we would like to see : It is `` The London Fashion and Leisure Show '' , which is going to take place at the `` Central Exibition Hall in London , on Tuesday the 14th March , between 10.00 and 19.00 . 
Despite of going to school by bus easier than riding bycyle I had prefered to going to school by bycyle to by bus . 
After reading the hole organized programme , we all agreed about the sightseeing by bus around London wich will give us the knowledge about this fantastic city we all want to meet since time ago . 
We have seen it in the advertisment and I would like to go to the show . 
The journalists follow the famous people , such as politicians and film stars , in order to take fotos and other information about them . 
I thin that it is very dangerous because the famous peple can not have you private life and on the other hand they may suffer from deppresion and sadness which may be lead them to suicide . 
The task was not easy , with 18 you do n't know too much about cryptographic algoritms and databases but anyway we decided to do it there was nothing to lose . 
It took us two weeks to modify the results in a very complex operation in which we should take care of hiding all our fingerprints . 
On one hand , it is true because famous people have to do their jobs , that means being interviewed , giving news to the audiance , and soon . 
So , that afternoon in lunch time , I went into the teachers ' room and opened her desk and took the paper out quitely and calmly . 
All the students are happy that we will have othe oppurtinatey , to visit London for three days . 
A few days before , I had founded a little window at the back of the building , so I entered by this way and by chance I just arrived in the monney 's room . 
I am writing to you with a request for a change in the scedule of our trip to London . 
We are wating for your decision and we will accept it whatever it be . 
The cleanest example is to compare a house from the beginings of the 20th century with our house Both are very similar but now we have new technologies . 
I 'm looking forward of recieving a letter from you . 
The rooms will be designed in a future fashion like less furniture and everything is compact , even TV-set will be on the ciling . 
It is a coinsidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage on . 
I personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them , point and ask for authopraps . 
Although we would like to visit the science museum , we can leave it to the next opportunity , what we suggested to do is intead of going to the museum in the morning we go to the Leisure show and keep the afternoon programme the same . 
The show is going to be on Tuesday the 14 of March from 10.00 to 19.00 and we fained it very interesting , because we will have the opportunity to see mews , firstly about the latest fashions , secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about make up and hairstyles . 
We were thinking that meaby we can go early to visit the Science Museum and than go to the Central Exhibition , where the event is going to have place ! 
Thank you very mutch ! 
Almost the time they have journalists following them everywhere and all the time , looking for great news or interesting pictures to put on the first page of the newspaper , and I do n't think this is very nice , but is the price that famous people have to pay , just becouse they are popular . 
Anyway , this is not always necessary a problem , but it can be a big thing for the famous person , becouse let people talking about him and increase his popularity . 
In conclusion , I can say that this is not the bigger problem that the world has and -- it is not my problem becouse I am not famous ! 
The home of the future will be very impersonally and the atmosfear will be cold and very essencial . 
I 'm writing you representing all the english class in order to let you know how exciting we are about the trip to London and to give you some ideas of other things we are interresting on doing in London while we 're there . 
First of all , we 'd like to thank you for the programme you all ready arrange it 's wonderful , because it covers most of our interrests . 
But also we would like to visit The London Fashion and Leisure show that will be held at the Central kExhibition hall on Tuesday March 14 from 10:00 - 19:00 . 
Since always I 'd gotten the idea of travel abroad and experiece others people 's life and cultures , so I decided to go to Paris as soon as I finished university . 
I am apologise For any incovenience . 
I closed my eyes , tooke a deep breath and jumed out of the tower . 
They show the latest fashion , leisure and sportswear ands something for the women : make up and hairstyle trends . 
On Monday we could first go to the Sience Museum and in the afternoon to Greenwich . 
However , we have got a suggestion : we saw an advertissement for `` the London Fashion and Leisure Show '' which is going to be on Tuesday March 14 from 10:00 to 19:00 . 
We are really appriciate about giving very nice program , which is organised by your this time . 
However , journalists should not only think about commercial value , but morality and priciples are also being concerned . 
Thank you for the exellent programme you organised for our class . 
We would like to inform you that we all extremly interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because the entrance is free for the studends . 
We would like to request if we could go to this show on the 15th March instide off the visit in the Science Museum . 
I think that this kind of people have a poor life because they never can be quiet because all the poeple know them and want to know a lot of things about them . 
In my opinion I think that if famous people is always followed by journalists it is not the responsability of the media but of the huge quantity of people who are interested in famous people life . 
Firstly , because it is a lot of `` scandale magazine readers '' . 
The whole class and I would like to thank you for the good programm , which you have organised for our trip to London . 
The reason why I 'm writting to you is the class and I have seen an advertisment for the London Fashion and Leisure Show on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 am - 19.00 p.m. 
We all are interested in fashions and hairstyles and it is a great oppurtunity for as because students have not to pay and we will know what we can buy on our shopping tour . 
I would like to suggest you how the programm could be changed . 
Instead of a shopping tour on Tuesday afternoon we could go to the show and do the shopping on Wedensday afternoon in our free time . 
That means for exampel while you are sitting in the office you are able to controll your home with the computer . 
With reference to our trip in London , in name of all of us , English class in this college , we would like to thank you for your special atention in have organised a good programme to know interesting and cultural points in London . 
We have been very excited about this and coincidentely we have found another option to add in our programme , certainly if your agree with . 
It was dangerous , but I kew I had to do it . 
Our first chalenge was stealing Dick 's girlfriend 's pantie , but it failed . 
And she broke up the relationship with Dick and we had a conclusion that stealing panties from young girls was very difficult . 
Nick and Dick could prove their bravure stealing from their mother 's panties . 
`` It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it '' , to prove my bravure to all . 
Whenever I recollet it , I feel self-confident . 
Again we 're so sorry that we give you an inconvience for your plan and thank you for considering us . 
But we could have everying we want to . 
Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilitles we are using . 
Obviously , there is no point in saying `` famous people have a right to their own live . '' 
All the clan would enjoy going the show , because it is a great oportunity to see an exhibition as the latest fashions . 
However she definetely deserve to have a private life as one of citizen . 
The wind was blowing and the heavy rain was drumming agaist our bedroom window . 
As a postman , Peter , had to deliver letters aroud our little village . 
It sounds very promissing . 
The doors of the plane were so thin , that I thought I could torne them . 
I could feel every movement which was caused by clowds or winds . 
It happened on a very lovly day in summer . 
The sun was shining , the Chanel was clear blue and I was walking by the Sea . 
I knew , I ca n't swimm then I realized it might be dangerous for me as well . 
The most important things was a little boy about ten years old , who was in the watter without parents and could n't swimm . 
By contrast , In the future , I guess we would rather go back to the acient time , owing to have natural life style . 
We think we could change shooping for going to the show . 
To sum up , there is no job perfect , and be famous involves a lof money , but also a lot of jouralists following your private life . 
Nowaday , a lot of celebrities , such as pop , film and sports stars , suffer from being intruded on the privacy of their lives . 
tic , tac ... 
I felt an enourmous peace . 
I have seen your organasation for the trip . 
We should use it in positif ways . 
Our homes should just protect us dangeres from outside . 
The home of the future 
Every electronic gadget in the futur home will be able to comunicate with other machines or computers . 
First of all , we would like to say you thank you very much for organised our tour around London and our programme wich is considered for us especially good for the places we will visit . 
Secondly , we saw last Saturday in the Oxfor News one advertisement about the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to know if could be posible to inclued this show in our tour . 
As we are going to be in London on this date , we think , it could be a great oppurtunity for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions , make up , etc. . 
An especiall invitation 
First of all I want to thank you for the good programme that you mack for my class in such a short time . 
We suggest to swop shopping on tuesday and free time on Wednesday , so we can see the show on tuesday afternoon . 
The home of the Futere 
The technologi is changing very fast and at the same moment as I 'm writing my article about the future maybe technologists have made a new owen which co-operate with your refrigerator and has in the programme to make dinner for you every day without that you have to do anything . 
There will be shown the latest fashions , leisure and sportwear , some make up and also different hairstyles . 
It 's a natural reaccion to be angry with somebody you do n't trust for gossiping and bothering your personal thoughts . 
I thing that journalit 's only aim is money , be cause they know that if they publish famous people 's private life they would earn lot 's of money selling the magazine or the newspaper . 
But they do n't consider the problems the romours may bring to the famous family or couple . 
In conclusion , no matter which or what the journalit 's aims are , famous people deserve to have their problems , their affairs , their private life just as normal people have . 
From these we can see the latest fashion , imagintive make up and hairstyles . 
I am sorry to make your inconveint . 
Last night , when I went into my house it was quite scilence . 
It is called , , The London Fashion and Leisure Show . '' 
There is also Hercule Poirot , the famous detective and he finally solves the mistery . 
Otherwise I had to keep walking untill the train start . 
I was sitting under a full-bloomed cherry blossam tree . 
Regarding the programme you have organised , it is great ideas everything that you have planed , but I would like to suggest to you something that the students saw in an advertisement . 
On Wednesday after viseted national Art Gallery , we can have a chat about ours next holiday at the free time in the afternoon . 
Nowadays the main attroction in the newspapers and television is private life of famous people . 
On the whole , to be rich and famous do n't always bring happeness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous . 
George was about to be linched on account of his colour skin . 
The place where I was hidden was overlooking the house where he was kept prisonner . 
No one was garding him . 
Well , some people would agree whereas others would desagree . 
The future is unexpectable and human beings are afriad of dangers , such as tornado or earthquake . 
What we really need in the next millenium is love , that is what will keep all family together and forever . 
The London Fashion and Leisure show is an amaizing show because there are parades with the latest fashions , we could know some famous top models Besides there are a variety of clothes either sport wear as elegant desings . 
I realised that my bag was outside and I went out to look for it , when a rain of stones covered the entrace of the hole . 
First of al , I want to thank you for the interesting programme , which you already have organised . 
I hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesistate to contact me . 
Thank you very much for many interesting positions in this schedule , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which , we are shure , will be very exciting . 
I would like to inform you , that we have seen an advertisement for the `` London Fashion and Laisure Show '' and we have found it very interesting . 
I would like to say that it is very important for us to be there and it could be great opportunity , because the entrance is free for students . 
Suddenly I heard a noice from my garden and I wanted to know what it was , but it was impossible to do it . 
As we have seen the advertisment of the programmed the school set for us as a farewell activities , we are very appreciate and would like to thank for your kindness , as all of them are very interesting and give us a chance to meet and join the other class which we hardly done it before . 
So this is a great oppotunity for us to get used to the real world of fashion design , because in this show there will have a fashion show , a demonstation from make up artists , and a contest for hair stylist . 
If you do n't mind , we 'd like to change the programme a little bit . 
Firstly , most people might remember the sad story of `` Princess Diana '' she died in Paris few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called `` Paparach '' . 
However , secondly , famous people are not `` ailen '' so that they might do something , for example , ashame things in public space or argument with partner or family even put on swimming costume like us . 
Moreover , the admittion fee is free for students . 
Because in my class want to go London Fashion and Leisure show in your programme we need some timetable and frieds . 
we do n't play any ticket and in your information tells about on Monday morning we go by bus could you tells detile about morning more , and we want to know about on Tuesday Afternoon you tell For shopping we do n't know about where about shopping in London . 
If I tall someting in the college baby someone like or dislike about my story but I think my story it very good for someone . 
and we got three buillding and we got alot of teacher the teacher have got experied about teaching I think somebody come in my college you fried want to studdy in my college and you want tall anyone for your college you ca n't tell for something but you know yourself about college you know just you love it and very like it nobody dislike it somebody tall about class rooms it very big and comfortible . 
I am writing to tell you that the students of my class have seen an advertisment about The London Fashion And Leisure Show . 
With this letter I would ask you if you wuld change it because we saw in the London Advertiser an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show . 
The Show is Tuesday , March 14th from 10.00-19.00 in the Central Exibition Hall . 
I really hope that you gona consider our request . 
Firstly , I 'm writing to thank you the great opportunity you give us , especially in planing all this programme in a such acurate way . 
Please let me know if you are agree with us ! 
Recently , some students have seen an advertisment about a fashion and leisure show in London . 
At that time he was unconcious , I kept asking myself ` should I wake him up or try to use my unsure first aid skill to deal with him . 
For pratical informations , this show start at 10.00 and close at 19.00 . 
They will become less dark and more confortable than today . 
About the size of hous , I think that in cities houses will be more and more little because of the over population . 
But about differences between rich 's and poor 's homes will be the same in the futur . 
Technical and Warm Home People 's way of life has considerably been changed by rapdily developing mordern technology . 
Becaues if you are a politician as an exmaple , you fear for your life . 
I AM WRITING YOU WITH REFERENCE IN THE LONDON TRIP WE ARE HAVING PRERY SOON . 
I AM WRITING IN REPRECENTATION OF MY GROUP , AND ALL OF US WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR TAKE US ABROAD . 
WE THINK IS A GRATE OPORTUNITY , BECAUSE AS YOU KNOW , WE DO N'T HAVE ACCES TO THAT KIND OF SHOWS IN THIS CITY . 
I WAS LIVING QUITE CLOUSE TO PORTOBELLO ROAD BUT I DID N'T KNOW VERY WELL THE AREA BECAUSE ALL TIME I JUST HAD TO GET OFF IN THE COURNER OF MY HOUSE . 
I 'm writing to you , because we saw a great advetisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we really would like to go to see that show . 
I think it 's a great opportunity because , we will have a chance to se the latest fashion , leisure and sport wear , and as well the way to do the perfect make up and hairstyl . 
We thought with that beutiful weather the seeside is just perfect for relax , sunbathing and joy . 
But in which kind of homes will people stay in the future ? 
But I think that people will altough need a bed and a table with a chair . 
Our class is very appritiate you for the good programme . 
Firstly , there will be leisur and sports wear and the latest fasions . 
We intrsted in politicians 's and film stars 's wear , hobbys , passions and the intrigues . 
Thank you for your effort , which you have made to organize this three days programm in London and I am sure that we will have a great time there especially in the National Art Gallery . 
The thing is that we have seen an advertisment for the London Fashion and Leisure Show . 
Perhaps , there will be personal computers , which will control every thing , every item of furiture , light , temperature . 
But , on the other hand , people will still have to programm them , as they have to do nowadays . 
First of all , you mus n't panic . 
Dear Mrs Brown , 
Definately , they do n't give real solutions and advice . 
I am looking forward to receiving your answer and do n't forget that it is a surprice birthday party . 
In spide that fact there are of course many families especialy in small towns which eat lunch all together and they they solve their problem all together . 
Besides that the most importand is that this children have an easy teenaties and they have n't go pshycological problems and they are useful in sociaty . 
I was surpised because I did not know what he wanted . 
When I went his wants to tell me that from the next month I will be his personal secratary and my salary it will be the double how the previous . 
I did n't beleive him at the first time . 
But I could se that his face was happy and he did n't tell lies . 
I stopped talking to my friends and I followed him . 
I could n't beleive I have to see him for five years . 
The party was far beyound my expectation . 
With reference to the information that you had requested , the hotel that had been booked is the Holiday Inn , in New Port and to get to the University of Wales wich is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a divertion where clearly indicate Carleon and once that you are on the main road all you need to do is to follow the country road which take you direct to the place . 
I always had consider myself been very looky to be born in the Century because all the amaizing human inventions . 
To sum up , I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers that has affected both indivisuals and a society as a whole . 
As for the three hours of free time , I strongly suggest you to check-in your lugages at the airport and then , after a five-minutes bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous ` Old City ' . 
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has becomed a necessary condition in some professional activities . 
Trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs . 
In the past the people did n't have electicity and if they wanted for example to read or to cook something they used to do in the fire . 
You must have TV because you can liten what it happend in the world and you can watch some places that you did n't go . 
I 've recieved your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you going to organise very soon , here yo have a little help for it . 
At first , I 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you going to stay is `` The Palace Hotel '' , wich is situated at the center of the town . 
It is a well-situated town with a lot of museums to visit especially `` the History museum '' wich I visited last year , and I think you can enjoy as well . 
It 's imposible Nowdays to think a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business . 
As you need more information , I answer all your questions with plesuare . 
I thing , that one of the most importent and affecting our life inventions is the telephone . 
So I am very grateful to man , who invented it , unfornutely , I have forgotten his name . 
I have just received the letter from you and I 'm writting to you as soon as posible . 
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coache , that I have arranged for you . 
Then we can have a rest in the caffee and talk before your flight home . 
I think I gave you all importen informations . 
Nowdays motorization is one of the most important inventions . 
As you look amoung everybody has a car or motorcycle . 
Firstly , about your accomodation , our college which I belong to offers visitor free accomodations with full of facilities . 
These days , we 've been sorrounded with so any different kinds of products which our ancestors invented . 
In our daily life , however , we seldom notice how much convinient life we 've got , what is more , how much inconvinient our grandparents had got . 
Service : It is over 100 years old but it is kept in a good condition by the local people , who are proude of this castle . 
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different expirience and a lesson too . 
I 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such sutiation . 
At the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a breake to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , it is also amazing . 
Your sincerley , 
Then , after the Conference , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , wich starts at 9:00 PM and finishes at 12:00 AM . 
Therefore I am thinking in selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 10 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sort of fantastic places , and change my life for a new life : whithout car . 
It is not far aways , you just go along Park Road about ten minutes . 
Finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggestion , you can go to shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to museam because this museam is the biggest in the world now It is up to you . 
We are greatful that your group has just arrived so I am going to give information about an interesting building to visit . 
subject : Arboriginal Art Museum . 
The aim of this report is intended to discribe the biggest building of our town . 
b -RRB- The building has been buit in 1999 , therefore , it is a modern architecture . 
We looked in every hotel in Town trying to give you the best offerd . 
The aim of this report is to recomend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Musseum . 
The Fuerte de Sandiego Musseum was build at the time when the Spanish people was trying to take all the lands from Mexico , one of the most important people who was at front of the Fuerte was Hernon Cortez , the first Spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time . 
For the end-of-conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us life music and cattering . 
Finally , to fill your free afternoon I would hardly recomend to visit the cathedral and have a walk arround the old part of the city , if you like it will be my pleasure to show you the souroundings . 
Chairs are not only part of the forniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art symbols . 
the world is packed with so many tipes of chairs , from the common woden ones to the most sophisticate and comfortables others finding a baste range of prices . 
Especailly , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap . 
I receved your letter and I 'm happy to help you . 
When you go out of the Hotel turn right and go stright on , at the first crossroads turn right again . 
In the big room where we 'll have the party , it 'll be some picturs of our college , you 'll see al the generations who passed here . 
We all are looking forward to seeing your group . 
I think that the best choise for you is to take the 234 bus . 
To conclude I would like to say that the goverments of all developed countries would n't have been so concerned about so-called `` problem 2000 '' if the computer had not been so important for the modern society . 
Which we definately need light to keep on . 
More and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time comper to travelling by public transport . 
The group has been booked into a comfortabel and well situatet hotel , whose name is , , Palace Hotel '' . 
The purpose of this report is to give a brief discription of the Academy of Art in St.-Petersburg . 
This building is situated on the magnificent embankment of Niva River with an exellent view on the Hermitage Museum . 
The building was built by very famious Russian architect and is a marvellouse example of Russian classic architerture of XVIIIth century . 
Secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference center is to use one of the shutel buses we provide at this efect . 
There are plenty of churchs , cathedrals , and olds cotages . 
The churchs and the cathedral are very intesting because of their differents romanics styles . 
Finaly if none of my suggestion fit with yours expectations , let me kwon more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and I 'll do all my best to find something more suitable . 
Nowdays all the people have a telephone . 
Nowadays who are so bussy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them . 
Telephone is very important investigation if we can use it correct without use it as type of entertaiment as they are doing nowadys many people . 
With reference to your letter which I recived yesterday , I would like to give you some details about The international student conference , also the acomodation and activities that are planed during this week . 
The aim of this report is to give some information about The new Acapulco resart buildings which was build 10 years ago and it is one of the first buildings that was build with the latest tecnonology and made by a important Mexican arquitector . 
I the last fourty years people seem to be completely addicted by using their own car . 
In fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carring lugguage and shopping bags . 
Thank you for your lettre . 
You do not have to wear spezial clothes , just wear what you always wear . 
On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on eatch side . 
It is rebuilt in 1948 because of the Secound world war it had been demaged . 
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube , the building of the conference is then five minutes by footh . 
thankyou for your letter , wich arrived yesterday . 
I suggest for that conference to wear somenthing very confortable but elegant , the organisation want for all boys wear jacket , the tie is not necessary . 
Dear Ser or madam 
There are eye-max cinema , museums , garelty . 
Pusan Castle is locted in South of Pusan . 
There are exhibited historcall things , picthurs and clothes . 
At the end of the conference there will be reseption at the hotel . 
No matter where you are , what you do , apparantly , you need the electricity . 
Because it is a wellkown hotel it should be easy to find it . 
Is called Palace Hotel , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expectetions . 
THE HYSTORICAL MUSEUM 
Do n't miss the chance to visit the hystorical museum , located in the heart of the capital city . 
The hystorical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what greek have always considered as main principal : their freedom . 
If you really want to discover what greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the hystorical museum !!! 
Now-a-day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops . 
Or even in cars and washmachines there 're computer chips . 
When shopping , we do n't need to wait the Kasse to take every article 's note by hand . 
This is a International student party , so I suggest you wear tradional clothes . 
You can notice every students what they could make some tradional food to the party . 
It inculds labrary . 
There is a very big labrary . 
In my oppinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line . 
Are you always happy when your telephon ring ? 
For your last day I think it would be interesting to vistit our historical and famous city-centre . 
It is surposed to be held during 7 pm to 11 pm . 
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some doubts , please do not hestitate to contact us . 
The Computer was invented 30 year or mor ago and estart lake a procesing information with a big cad was perfored and maked a smol hold and aeche hold mean something lake a Codig . 
Please note that the alchocholich drinks are only sold untill 11 pm . 
Such a simple and usuall things like a telefone , a car , a computer so only seem to be normal and usuall for us -LRB- or we have got used -RRB- as we use them every day . 
I think the telefone is the most important thing in many people 's lifes as it makes you to be able to get in touch with anyone does n't matter wherever you are -LRB- I am talking about mobile phones which now have a majority of our choice -RRB- . 
Dar Mrs. 
I do n't like tinking , my house of my life , without all this facilities . 
Now , just you need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplans , shoops , all these things without lights . 
On the positive side , you and the group will be abe to learn more about Welsh art works which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furnitures . 
It is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenent to come from the airport . 
The nember 101 bus starts from the airport , than you can get off from `` city college '' stop . 
It would be a great chance to tark part in the party for everyone . 
Nowdays people have become used to watching televesion 's programs everyday . 
On your last day you could go to the sport-musseum which is grateful and famous around the world or only go for a walk around Reconvillier-Park . 
Architecture : It is a typical from this epoque with beautiful draw on the wall and first kind of writing in the sport center . 
If you have any further questione , please do not hesitate to contact me . 
SUBJECT : Recomnendations of a place to visit 
The place I would like to recommend is the seventienth-century Royal Palace . 
People who will attend the party are many professers , semi-professers and faculties . 
Firstly , there is the acquerium in the building . 
Because there are a lot of beatiful trees and you can see the sea . 
By the way the end-of-conference party is a kind of fairwell party . 
The first part , the chairman and a few guests will have a speech and the second part , the participacients will evaluate themselves , and the the last part it will provide dinner and drinks . 
For example : electricity , computer , telephon , boat , and car -LRB- wheel -RRB- , etc. . 
She appears occationaly and opens every window in the castle . 
OLYMPIQUE MUSEUM 
The Olympique Museum is situated near the lake and offer , for the tourist , an unbelievable view on the mountains and the lake . 
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music which I brought some cassets with me from Thailand . 
Firstly , Palace Hotel has been booked into for the group accomodation and I spoke with the hotel manager for traveling to the conference . 
About you 're the last question I can sugest to visit the Royal Castle . 
Actually it is a whole complex , the Old and the New Castle , Cathedrall and the most interesting undergroud part with it 's amazing crypts . 
The well known Big Buhha you must n't miss it , or you will be sorry . 
In addition to this , we choose the luxuery Palace Hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location . 
Cars , boats , motobikes , airplanes : Who did never use this once ? 
In this world , where the nations fight to be the better one could n't be diferent : the airplane became the most important thing in the war . 
The best way is definetely , by air . 
I have recieved your letter this morning . 
The building is called Chiang Kei-shek Momerial Hall . 
The momerial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds . 
As you go into the main Hall , you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei-shek , this is because the building is the rememberence of how well Chiang did in History . 
Apart from the main Hall , there are also lots of other gallaries . 
In these gallaries there are Historical paintings , antique furnitures which Chiang used . 
As well as all the treasures , statue and historical paintings ... There are also restaurent 's and modern gallaries . 
In my early childhood my mother said to me that when she has been a litte girl there has been only one telephone in the house where she had lived . 
It has been in her parents ' appartement . 
It is not an easy desicion how to react now . 
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference its using tube because it takes only 20 mininute . 
And your speach would be better for the end of conference party . 
Some people might say the electricity more important than another thingh . 
For instance , when I want to contanct with to my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e-mail . 
I phoned to the tourist information last week and I got some information about the accomodation of the students . 
As requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitbility for a group of American students for the visit at the Etruscan Museum . 
I would like to inform you that Centeral Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accomadation of the group and it will be quite easy to get every where from the hotel on foot during your stay . 
Nothing will be spacial . 
There is no need to bother about clouths . 
Befor leav from England I suggest you to visit the cannals and small villages around Basingstoke . 
A free shuttel-bus gets you to the conference-center . 
It is a surprice ! 
The last afternoon you could go on a city-tour , visite the museum of Fine Arts or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the common park . 
You will never regred about my suggestion . 
I am sorry about Richard Brown . 
However , there is something which is still believed that it was an extreamly important invention . 
From my point of view , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of machines , appliances and equipments which are used in modern times can be operated with only electricity , which makes people not to too much phisical labour . 
I am writting to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conferents and other points in relation with . 
If you are free I will show you arround our college . 
Countless fascinating things will definely take you the whole day to appreciate . 
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure are now creeting problems . 
A lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and enviromment issues are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries . 
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the enviromment without impacting their mobility . 
The conference is commensing on 31st June 2001 from 10.00-15.00 . 
Please let me know if you would like to book one of the city-walk tours , We have arrange spacial discounts for the conference attendance . 
Imagine our life without a telephone . 
There , I saw the exibitions and admired the building itself . 
If you go down a few steps , you will discover the ceilar . 
I am writing to inform you that I have recieved a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college . 
For those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationary , book shops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are availiable . 
For those who want something more exciting and advanturous , you are recommanded to visit the Fun Fair and amusement on the top floor of the building . 
